<HS> According to a recent OFSTED report, a school in Birmingham is still segregating girls and boys, despite a Hight Court ruling in 2017 that this is unlawful. <knowl> A recent Ofsted report noted that the confidence young people have in staff, was high. A lady called Mrs Helen Barter is listed in the report as the Lead Inspector of the school. We introduced the policy more than a year ago, Paula Weaver, headteacher at Allens Croft primary school in Birmingham, tells me. Furthermore in regards to the inspection in question, the conduct of the Ofsted inspectors during this inspection were unacceptable and racist. An A* or two behind the Perse School for Girls this year, but invariably one of the top schools in Cambridgeshire. <CN> To be fair, the OFSTED report is more concerned with lack of enforcement and less about focussing on the practice of any particular faith.
<HS> According to a recent OFSTED report, a school in Birmingham is still segregating girls and boys, despite a Hight Court ruling in 2017 that this is unlawful. <knowl> Carmel is a government-endorsed faith school, complete with an Ofsted report that describes the teaching as "satisfactory". The Ofsted report described members of the governing body at one school attempting to promote a particular and narrow faith-based ideology. In short, a good Ofsted report - even an "outstanding" one - is no guarantee that things are in order at your child's school. The main social event of the school calendar Commemoration Day , or " " as it is known in the school , celebrates the founding of the school . Since then, four other official inquiries have investigated some 21 schools in Birmingham. <CN> While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
<HS> According to a recent OFSTED report, a school in Birmingham is still segregating girls and boys, despite a Hight Court ruling in 2017 that this is unlawful. <knowl> Single-sex classes and schools now account for less than 1% of public grade and high school enrollment. Earlier in March, University College London banned the Islamic Education and Research Academy, an organization that promotes Islam through public events, for enforcing gender segregation at a debate (it, too, featured Tzortzis). It's in line with the ethos of our school, Weaver explains. The recent blanket coverage of the "gender segregation on campus" story was a textbook case. In this gender-neutral trend, we are running the risk of losing gender identity completely. <CN> The quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. Isn't it more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'Islamic issue'?
<HS> According to a recent OFSTED report, a school in Birmingham is still segregating girls and boys, despite a Hight Court ruling in 2017 that this is unlawful. <knowl> The Ofsted report described members of the governing body at one school attempting to promote a particular and narrow faith-based ideology. Since then, four other official inquiries have investigated some 21 schools in Birmingham. The recent blanket coverage of the "gender segregation on campus" story was a textbook case. Education Secretary Justine Greening is set to end an 'opt-out' that allows free schools, academies and faith schools to choose whether to run sex education classes. schools?The Trojan Horse story reveals the contradictions in government policy, raising questions not only about the encouragement of faith schools, but also about the approach toward multiculturalism. <CN> Gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some Islamic schools. I was 15 before I attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. The issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
<HS> The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people! <knowl> He wanted things to change, and he recognized that meaningful social and political change always originates among the people, not the politicians; it originates among individuals, not institutions. The police should focus resources on fighting real crime, not attempting to stifle legitimate protest. The Police are now well resourced for CSE and well trained, though prosecutions remain low in number. Police also logged her unsuccessful attempt to be elected to Camden council in north London in 2006. He angrily dismissed suggestions that it took politicians returning from vacation to give the police the necessary powers. <CN> We need to work together to eradicate CSE once and for all. Individuals are the problem, it does not come from any religion, biased media attempting to scapegoat is being blind to the whole truth.
<HS> The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people! <knowl> During the cease-fire, are the gangs going to keep killing the police?MS-13: The gangs have never declared war on the police. The police and the government have declared war on the gangs. And people face discrimination for living in communities dominated by gangs. Other people who aren't from the gangs — criminal bands — are extorting. Home Office policing in Milnrow is provided by the Greater Manchester Police . <CN> Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
<HS> The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people! <knowl> It's because of brave souls like these that I honor the Catholic Church. Police believe the two priests were attacked during a burglary inside the Catholic church late Wednesday. He irritated the Protestant churches, Jews, Muslims, the Indians of Latin America, women, reform-minded theologians and all pro-reform Catholics. No organization has done more to elevate the moral stature of the Catholic Church in the United States than The Boston Globe. This week civil rights campaigners in Ireland have welcomed the latest report by the UN on the country, its past, and the unwillingness of today's politicians to address the failings of the Catholic Church. <CN> The only cover up I remember was in the Catholic Church, but we remember that the actions of individuals do not reflect on the whole.
<HS> The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people! <knowl> That ensures that people do not have a representative police agency of service. "Ultimately, at least while functionally on the job, police aren't people either. Reports of the alleged sex ring began to emerge last month after relatives of some of the purported victims approached police, according to the English-language Nation newspaper. "We are no longer talking about politicians and celebrities but murder victims, potentially terrorist victims. The following year, Nottinghamshire Police and the Nottingham Women's Center hosted the Nottinghamshire Safer for Women Conference, featuring testimony from "victims of misogynistic hate crime," police said in a release. <CN> Good job the police are so effective at catching and prosecuting non-Muslim sex-offenders and protecting their victims. Oh, wait.
<HS> The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people! <knowl> If people want Grant Shapps to stop bullying the BBC, fine. Supposing I had gone to the police or to the BBC, what would have happened? Now police investigators suspect that he was abusing hundreds of children, even on BBC property. and the robust policing tactics we chose to adopt, delivered," he said in a BBC interview. With church attendance falling in Britain, only one in four marriages is conducted in a church. <CN> The only reason these gangs exist in the first place is because they do not have an institution like the BBC or the Church to shield them.
<HS> The police and politicians are covering up these Muslim grooming gangs - They are traitors to their own people! <knowl> Unable to conduct their own ceremonies on the plaza, as they have done annually since the murder, groups of conspiracy theorists met nearby. Criticisms of New World Order conspiracy theorists also come from within their own community . Skeptics argue that the connection of conspiracy theorists and occultists follows from their common fallacious premises . The rest consist largely of conspiracy theorists, perennial troublemakers and opinionated hermits with little else to do. According to the far-fetched ideas of these conspiracy theorists, the only explanation for the vertical collapse of the Twin Towers can be that they were destroyed under a controlled explosion. <CN> The only traitors are the conspiracy theorists who spread this kind of misinformation.
<HS> Shocking. 2 men are murdered in Paris by having their throats cut by some savage shouting 'Allahu Akbar' and the BBC ignore the story. Another cover up. <knowl> Other witnesses said the men shouted "Allahu Akbar," Arabic for "God is great." In Strasbourg, France, a Jewish man was stabbed by an attacker shouting Allahu Akbar. Investigators are questioning witnesses on reports that the attacker shouted Allahu akbar before the violence. A group of men who filmed the scene from behind a brick wall shout Allahu akbar! <CN> The only cover up that happens in the media is of the positive stories about Muslims, extremist actions are the only ones ever highlighted.
<HS> Shocking. 2 men are murdered in Paris by having their throats cut by some savage shouting 'Allahu Akbar' and the BBC ignore the story. Another cover up. <knowl> A man who reportedly spent time in a psychiatric hospital shouted "Allahu akbar!" In Strasbourg, France, a Jewish man was stabbed by an attacker shouting Allahu Akbar. Bertrand Nzohabonayo, who was shot dead, had also reportedly shouted "Allahu Akbar" -- an Islamic phrase meaning "God Is Greatest" that has previously been used by extremists when waging violent attacks -- prompting speculation that both assaults were motivated by radical Islamism. The suspect reportedly fired at least eight shots before shouting Allahu Akbar - or God is great, according to the AP. "Witnesses said the attackers shouted "Allahu Akbar," Arabic for "God is Great," during the bloody rampage, according to the BBC.Police said the attackers were taken to separate London hospitals to be treated for their injuries. <CN> The BBC also neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and Islamophobic crimes. What is your point?
<HS> Shocking. 2 men are murdered in Paris by having their throats cut by some savage shouting 'Allahu Akbar' and the BBC ignore the story. Another cover up. <knowl> Investigators are questioning witnesses on reports that the attacker shouted Allahu akbar before the violence. Witnesses said they heard the two men shouting "Allahu Akbar" as they worked to dismember their victim. Adding weight to that suspicion is video taken by a journalist for the Premieres Lignes news agency which showed the gunmen shouting "Allahu Akbar!" A group of up to nine attackers set off bombs and took hostages while shouting "Allahu Akbar" inside a restaurant frequented by both locals and foreigners in a diplomatic zone in Bangladesh's capital, local media reported. <CN> Mate, the media is constantly biased against Muslims and tries to make them out to be the enemy. What we hardly ever see is the many more positive stories.
<HS> Only a few people were punished for yesterday's violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them. <knowl> No wonder, then, that so many people are indifferent about this trial. If the Crown proceeds, this would be Gareau's third trial on the murder charge. We respect the jury's verdict, said Leo Tsao, a federal prosecutor speaking after the trial. Prosecutors had not turned over a detective's report of that information to Smith before trial. Oh, and by the way, baseball's home-run king is currently on trial for perjury. <CN> I thought we'd stopped exporting our convicted criminals last century. Now you advocate exporting people without a trial or a conviction.
<HS> Only a few people were punished for yesterday's violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them. <knowl> It's peaceful, non-violent Muslims that they want to instill fear in. Although he's part of the "establishment" leadership, he has good relationships with many of the newer members, many of whom he helped recruit. The problem is that few people are aware of this possibility, and so few apply. The Solicitor-General's subsequent decision to resign was, in the view of government members of the committee, commendable and perhaps an unavoidable consequence of the public Inquiry. The government offers generous savings plans, but less than half of all service members have signed up. <CN> I think the government has a very good understanding of who should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
<HS> Only a few people were punished for yesterday's violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them. <knowl> It's peaceful, non-violent Muslims that they want to instill fear in. India could attack Muslim Pakistan and unleash the same long-lasting hatred from a few radical, violent Muslims that America unwittingly unleashed on itself. It's a right that, ironically, Christians do not have in many Muslim countries. A handful of violent Muslims DO NOT speak for the other 1.6 billion. It can turn to past enemies, to yesterday's memories, or it can look to the future and new hopes that could unite the nation's Hindus and Muslims. <CN> If they were violent they would have been punished too. Why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
<HS> Only a few people were punished for yesterday's violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them. <knowl> They were among the nation's top priorities for deportation, criminals who were supposed to be sent back to their home countries. But the government didn't break down how many of those people were in the country legally and how many were here illegally. It's our belief that the folks that were doing this are based in Russia, China, and a few other European countries, Doggett said. But Kaspersky's research found the criminals had gotten away with far more. Speaking yesterday, Mr Gove said the EU's passport-free Schengen zone abets terrorists. <CN> In fact, the government deports those criminals back to their countries.
<HS> Only a few people were punished for yesterday's violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them. <knowl> Let us for once realise that it is a violation of the Rule of Law . In Raz 's view , one of the virtues of the rule of law is the restraint it imposes on authorities . The ability of the courts to judicially review legislation and administrative action is considered an element of the rule of law . During the ensuing debate , the Members of Parliament ( MPs ) from the ruling People 's Action Party tended to adhere to a thinner , or more formal , conception of the rule of law . Thio , Li - ann , " Rule of Law within a Non - liberal ' Communitarian ' Democracy : The Singapore Experience " , Asian Discourses of Rule of Law , pp. <CN> What happened to the good old British values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
<HS> Only a few people were punished for yesterday's violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them. <knowl> The fact is, in this society, nobody takes responsibility for punishing criminals. "Canadians expect violent criminals to serve sentences which reflect the severity of their crimes. Abolishing capital punishment "sends the message to criminals that Nebraska will be soft on crime. Justice Minister Peter MacKay fired back with a terse statement that affirmed the government's long-held belief that violent criminals should face hard time for their crimes. "The federal New Democrats characterized Friday's rulings as a clear rebuke of the Conservative government's crime agenda. <CN> Are you suggesting to commit a crime? There are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
<HS> Only a few people were punished for yesterday's violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them. <knowl> It's peaceful, non-violent Muslims that they want to instill fear in. India could attack Muslim Pakistan and unleash the same long-lasting hatred from a few radical, violent Muslims that America unwittingly unleashed on itself. Hassan Rouhani, in an interview with NBC News, characterized ISIS's recent beheadings of three Western captives are offensive to all people, including Muslims like himself. It's also based on loose standards and secret evidence, which ensnares innocent people. That's really the constitutional problem here: the government shouldn't have a financial incentive to take money from innocent people, but they have exactly that incentive. <CN> The ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. If others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to be penalized?
<HS> Only a few people were punished for yesterday's violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them. <knowl> It's peaceful, non-violent Muslims that they want to instill fear in. India could attack Muslim Pakistan and unleash the same long-lasting hatred from a few radical, violent Muslims that America unwittingly unleashed on itself. And that's discouraging for people who advocated for Common Core, said Frederick Hess, director of education policy research at the American Enterprise Institute. Few people worried much about 2014 right after the law was passed. At NCCES, there's about 16 SPED students who did score Proficient. <CN> Who are 'all them violent muslims'? Are you sure you are proficient to judge who's guilty and who's not?
<HS> Only a few people were punished for yesterday's violations instead of all them violent Muslims, and if the government does not deport these criminals, then the common people will take care of them. <knowl> But it's not terrible because a lot of people are ignorant. I contradict myself all the time, but few people notice, X says. It's not what people don't know that gets them into trouble. The only people at this point that don't that are the ignorant bigots. A handful of violent Muslims DO NOT speak for the other 1.6 billion. <CN> An entire faith? Really? Can you not see how ignorant this is?
<HS> Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place. <knowl> It's a very important aspect of the overall hate crime work being conducted and one that will make Nottinghamshire a safer place for all women. The internet world would be a better and safer place for all of us. The loss of good working-class jobs undermined communities and led to the social deterioration. The blunt instrument of the Asbo has its place, as a matter of last resort in the courts. Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan also noted that some Islamic groups banned in Pakistan "operate with impunity" in Britain. <CN> Are you blaming all communities for the action of a few? Doesn't seem very fair does it?
<HS> Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place. <knowl> Ultimately, however, elected democratic institutions are the place where the desires of individual Muslims should be expressed. Donald Trump's ignorant view of Islam could make both of our countries less safe—it risks alienating mainstream Muslims around the world and plays into the hands of extremists. The failure of Islamic integration in Europe is often attributed — especially by right-wing parties — to an excess of tolerance toward the large-scale Muslim immigration that began in the mid-1970s. The recognition and accommodation of Islamic religious practices, from clothing to language to education, does not mean capitulation to fundamentalism. It is the first time Dr Nizami, the director of the Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies, which has links with Oxford University, has spoken out about the failure of Muslims to integrate with British society. <CN> Could you mind your language? You are insulting millions of people who are Muslims. Isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all Muslims?
<HS> Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place. <knowl> The defeat of Isis in Syria will not dissolve the threat of jihadi violence, but it is a necessary step on that road. Campaigning for leave, he spoke of Britain taking its place alongside countries like Australia, Canada, New Zealand and America as a self-governing democracy. Lawful gun owners do not want guns in the hands of criminals and don't like gun violence anymore than you do. <CN> The truth is the worldwide Muslims denounce ISIS and its violence. Plus, many Muslims are the victims of ISIS. According to <The Guardian>, 'Isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global Muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why Muslims from Syria and Iraq may want to migrate to countries like Australia.'.
<HS> Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place. <knowl> What is not justified is revenge or retribution — the idea of punishing criminals for making the "wrong choice." Not much remains of the place where, for nearly 400 years, dozens of pirates and other criminals were hanged. Microsoft has a big interest in making the Internet a safer place. There are far fewer incidents of deadly clashes between police and suspected criminals. In the end, he lets his daughter marry the man of her choice. <CN> Surely it is our 'actions' that make us criminals, not whichever faith we follow, whether than be by choice or tradition or culture?
<HS> Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place. <knowl> "It is simply incorrect to say that this suddenly releases a bunch of violent criminals," said Lee, watching the bipartisan reform effort begin its long, election-year slide into oblivion. She says the world is a better and safer place without Qaddafi. How do you make it a safer place?HANNITY: I will do this. It's a very important aspect of the overall hate crime work being conducted and one that will make Nottinghamshire a safer place for all women. The internet world would be a better and safer place for all of us. <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place. <knowl> Interest in what goes on inside the heads of violent criminals has been sharpened by the trial of Anders Behring Breivik, the Norwegian who massacred 77 people last July. "It is simply incorrect to say that this suddenly releases a bunch of violent criminals," said Lee, watching the bipartisan reform effort begin its long, election-year slide into oblivion. He said Mr. Bronson wanted a list of exceptions, of violent criminals who would not be eligible for voting rights. They want to leave the EU so that they can take back control of our borders and kick out violent criminals. There is something that many violent people do have in common, however. <CN> Saying that all people of a certain religion are violent criminals does not make sense at all.
<HS> Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place. <knowl> He is also the subject of an indefinite deportation order as well. Widow faces deportation from UK despite being 92 and frailI am feeling terrible, said Cothill. A coalition commission of wise people was set up to decide what it might contain. Nevertheless, many of the places in this new wave were granted similar status during the Eighties. "Given the choice of things that make them proud, people will go back to their local communities. <CN> Can I suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the UK does not reflect 'our values' in the way I understand them.
<HS> Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place. <knowl> ISIS is part of a puritanical strain of Islam that considers all religious shrines -- Islamic, Christian, Jewish, etc. -- idolatrous. There may be millions of Muslims who share the ultra-orthodox, puritanical strain of Islam -- called Salafism -- that fuels the members of ISIS. They have killed thousands of American military people -- tens of thousands of civilians. But it is ridiculous to claim that the actions of Islamic extremists are either necessarily or exclusively the result of their belief in Islam. We have no plan in place to deal with ISIS there, radical Islam there. <CN> Isis is an extrem of Islam and does not represent Muslims' belief and action. Indeed, most of Islam condemned the action of ISIS.
<HS> Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place. <knowl> Contributing to the overall good of society is a core Islamic principle compulsory for all Muslims. We condemn the actions of ISIS and reject its assertion that all Muslims are required to pay allegiance to its leader. Some of the core principles of Islam are honesty, tolerance, justice, fairness and respect for all people; these are also core British/universal values. Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? Politicians constantly call for a defense of British values against extremism. <CN> Saying that all Muslims are criminals is just wrong. They also do share British values.
<HS> Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place. <knowl> He accused the Bahraini security forces of encouraging violent beliefs similar to those of Isis. Photograph: Andy Rain/EPAThe foreign secretary, Philip Hammond, has tried to dampen the expectation of imminent air strikes by Britain against Islamic State (Isis), saying he knows of no plans being drawn up by the UK government. "He does not believe a very large number of people sympathize or are even prepared to tolerate the kind of attitude shown by ISIS, he said. And the hearts of the British people will go out to them. Julie Siddiqui, former head of the Islamic Society of Britain, said her mosque in Slough, Berkshire, was packed on Saturday morning with 900 people "appalled" at the murder. <CN> I agree that ISIS is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the UK is just plain silly.
<HS> Fuck Islam and Fuck ISIS. We should repatriate all Muslims. They are all a bunch of violent criminals who do not share our values and never will. Without them Britain will be a better, safer place. <knowl> Nothing?Of course, the overwhelming majority of Muslims are not terrorists or sympathetic to terrorists. Why, asked Nuzhat Ali, the women's coordinator of the Islamic Society of Britain in Bradford, should Muslim children be singled out for civics lessons?One of our primary concerns is: why the Muslim community again? The Muslim Association of Britain (MAB) accused both political parties of pandering to anti-Muslim elements. Ajmal Masroor, from the Islamic Society of Britain, said: "Muslim communities are very loyal to this country. a blatant example of the anti-Islamism of senior British officials," said Foreign Ministry spokesman Mohammad Ali Hosseini. <CN> Actually, the principle of Muslims is to love and respect everyone. This is the same as our values. If you talk to a Muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> They promote Islam at the expense of Christianity and Judaism, Saxton told Fox News. "I understand Christians' love for Jesus and I respect that," he said. What I'm not saying is that Christianity should be disengaged from politics. Some people say Jews and evangelical Christians make strange bedfellows, given historical anti-Semitism. "The conversion to Islam is not abandoning Christianity or Judaism, which I was born with. <CN> This is just false news! Islam, Christianity and Judaism have the same beginnings and the Koran give special respect to the other two.
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> Concern over Muslims extremism was at it highest in Indonesia, Iraq and Guinea Bissau, where over 45% of Muslims said they were either very or somewhat concerned about violence in the name of Islam. The problem of Islamic extremism is caused - astonishingly enough - by Islamic extremism. An overwhelming number of Muslims outside the United States told Pew that Islam is the only religion that leads to eternal life in heaven. In Afghanistan that number was 39% and in Egypt that number was 29%.Despite most country's disapproval of violence in the name of Islam, religious extremism - and in particular Muslim extremism - is a concern for a majority of Muslims in the world, according to the survey. I say this not as a Muslim American, but as a Sikh who has strong differences of opinion with devout Muslims about theology and lifestyle choices. <CN> Whilst a small number of Muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against extremism (link to article about the Muslim anti-extremism march in Cologne)
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> They would say things like, 'Well we don't want these people bombing our countries so we shouldn't let them in. Roshni Bhambhwani, a museum professional living in Niskayuna, New York, organized the protest because she said people needed to see Hindu Americans who were against Trump. One of Ajour's friends posted a photo of the receipt to Facebook with a caption saying This is the America I know n (sic) love. Deakin Islamic religiosity expert, Professor Fethi Mansouri, said this was worrying because it supports the strong feelings of exclusion voiced by the nation's Muslim community. "One of Ajour's friends posted a photo of the receipt to Facebook with a caption saying "This is the America I know n (sic) love. <CN> [find positive and up to date example of Muslim people contributing to their community.] Doesn't really look like it to me.
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> "Islam is a religion that is totally incompatible with Western free society. The book features an Islamophobic anti-hero, Michel, who becomes a sex tourist in Thailand. Also to be completely subjugated is to be a Muslim (Fundamentalist Islamic Believer), this is why when you insult "Islam" or "Muslims", each Muslim takes it personally, unlike the collective "Christians" or other "religions". Mainstream Muslims protest that terrorists like Mohammed Atta or Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who claim to kill in the name of Islam, should not be viewed as true Muslims because Islam is a religion of peace. "True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion. <CN> Kkk anyone? Actions of an individual do not reflect on the religion they use to justify those actions.
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> What's a bit spooky, Ferrell says, is "that it doesn't appear from a Google Image Search that a similar image has ever been captured before...." Because it already existed on Google Image search, as one Twitter user discovered. I feel like Google Image search is sort of our contemporary dictionary and encyclopedia. A Google Image Search for Tattoo DisastersWARNING: DO NOT GOOGLE IMAGE SEARCH TATTOO DISASTERS. The recommendations issued today are based on factual information that has been obtained so far. <CN> Google image search to provide factual information about the image if possible. Ie when and where it is from and provide context, ie this was a small faction that has been condemned my main stream Islam and happened 15 years ago.
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> "He added, "And as the saying goes, if you play with fire you might get burned, so I have no tears for those who insult Islam. The Islamic Society of Joplin, Missouri, also faced two attacks in little over one month. Mainstream Muslims protest that terrorists like Mohammed Atta or Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who claim to kill in the name of Islam, should not be viewed as true Muslims because Islam is a religion of peace. But you were steadfast in saying you speak out against radical Islamists that are persecuting Christians, persecuting Jews, threatening to wipe Israel off the map, and you're standing up for the idea --GELLER: Of freedom of speech. The publication of the cartoons sparked controversy among Dutch Muslims, who said the action was designed specifically to insult Islam. <CN> There are a hundred similar images of Christian including those in the KKK standing next to their victims who used the Bible as a justification. Of course none of us believe they represent all Christians.
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> The legislation makes it a crime punishable by death to insult Islam, the Quran or the Prophet Mohammed. The parents say their children have been on edge since Jones started his "Islam is of the devil" campaign and the planned Quran burning. Whether or not Islam itself inspires conflict, debates about it certainly do. What's unfair about judging Islam by what it says about ITSELF? Protests in the north and south in recent days have killed 20 people. <CN> [quote from Quran about peace and love.] When the Quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in Islam, how is this a reflection on all Muslims.?
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> "Robert De Niro compared his character in "Taxi Driver" to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump. Read more: Robert De Niro Compares Donald Trump to 'Taxi Driver' CharacterDe Niro has been a vocal opponent of Trump. Robert De Niro Jake LaMotta at a dinner; circa 1970; New York. Movies debuted these solo posters of Robert De Niro and Ben Stiller. Headshot portrait of American actor Robert De Niro with shaggy hair, smiling. <CN> And Trump supporters sent pipe bombs to his opposition, including Robert De Niro, those individuals do not represent all of Trump's supporters though.
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> Pakistani protesters clashed with police in a number of cities after Friday prayers over an anti-Islam video, leaving at least 17 people dead. "You cannot allow Americans to insult our Prophet, to insult Islam." We must defeat Islamic terrorism & have surveillance, including a watch list, to protect America. The Pakistani government called a national holiday Friday so people could protest the video peacefully. Mainstream Muslims protest that terrorists like Mohammed Atta or Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who claim to kill in the name of Islam, should not be viewed as true Muslims because Islam is a religion of peace. <CN> On a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by more than 10,000 Muslims advocated peace and people held posters denouncing terror.
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> The rallies, he argued, were not what they claimed to be - an admirable coming-together of people from different ethnic, religious and social backgrounds standing up for tolerance - but an odious display of middle-class domination, prejudice and Islamophobia. And, for saying that, I was accused of complicity with the terrorists. After the rallies, we saw Islamophobic behaviour everywhere; it loosened people's tongues. It is a bit unpleasant to be insulted every 10 minutes, but I think it's an astonishing proof of all that's true in the book. He says he's not suggesting everyone on the march was a rampant middle-class Islamophobe, but that the overall effect of the mass rally was just that. <CN> Islamophobia and prejudice is making a judgement that may or may not be true of one person but then assuming it is true of all people like that .
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> She says it has been "distorted" and "misrepresented" by world events and the actions of some individuals. Like other depressed, sometimes suicidal, inmates, it is not unusual for Muslim prisoners to seek help in religion. Also to be completely subjugated is to be a Muslim (Fundamentalist Islamic Believer), this is why when you insult "Islam" or "Muslims", each Muslim takes it personally, unlike the collective "Christians" or other "religions". Mainstream Muslims protest that terrorists like Mohammed Atta or Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who claim to kill in the name of Islam, should not be viewed as true Muslims because Islam is a religion of peace. It is a moral contract, a commitment to lofty, abstract ideals that make more sense when individuals can connect them with their private faiths. <CN> Do an image search for the image used, try to find it is source. Either you can demonstrate that the image has been misappropriated or you can talk about how individuals have always used religion to justify their actions, the problem is with the individual not the religion.
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> This monolithic, negative portrayal provides a skewed image of Islam and Muslims. One in five Muslim students reported being discriminated against by school staff. The poll — commissioned by the paper in the wake of the Paris attacks — was conducted via telephone interviews of 1,003 people who identified as British Muslims. Nearly one in 10 said patients had rejected their care because they were Muslim. Dr Naeem says that in the past few months alone, he has seen increased cases of depression, anxiety, image issues, paranoia, and substance abuse among Muslim American youth. <CN> The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
<HS> Image (features protesters with signs such as 'behead those who insult Islam) with a caption saying 'How can we be Islamophobic when they really do want to kill us'. <knowl> Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" Last year the church posted a sign saying "ISLAM IS OF THE DEVIL." If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. The hypocrisy of calling Islam the religion of peace is not wasted upon us. Did Eboo write to anyone saying how all of this gives Islam a bad name? <CN> Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from Koran].
<HS> These 8 crooks are all Muslims and every one of their victims is Non-Muslim, white-British. Why do these criminals only target White British Non-Muslims? <knowl> These crooks crashing a trio of weddings in Minnesota last year. The variation among criminal faces is significantly greater than that of the non-criminal faces. New evidence shows that the criminals had access to the personal information of some 610,000 taxpayers. BuzzBurglars come in four flavors -- crooks, bums, addicts and sexual predators -- finds a study of career criminals. With this additional stolen information, criminals can claim bogus tax refunds -- or open credit lines in your name. <CN> You seem to have a new superpower? Ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?
<HS> These 8 crooks are all Muslims and every one of their victims is Non-Muslim, white-British. Why do these criminals only target White British Non-Muslims? <knowl> We must make certain that criminals pay victims back for the financial losses caused by their actions, Hogan said to an audience that included crime victims and their families. So will Sholam Weiss, currently serving the longest federal sentence for a white-collar crime. Our administration is committed to helping these individuals rebuild and creating a criminal justice system that does not exclude crime victims and holds those who inflict harm accountable for their actions. BuzzBurglars come in four flavors -- crooks, bums, addicts and sexual predators -- finds a study of career criminals. He will be released Sept. 12, 2291.Such long sentences are rare for white-collar defendants, who usually go to prison for things like fraud, money laundering and other non-violent financial crimes. <CN> They don't, but I wonder why only the crimes with 'White British Non-Muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
<HS> These 8 crooks are all Muslims and every one of their victims is Non-Muslim, white-British. Why do these criminals only target White British Non-Muslims? <knowl> Criminals infiltrate computer systems and steal sensitive personal details to use for crime. There's no articulation of why criminal defense is an important and honorable profession. So will Sholam Weiss, currently serving the longest federal sentence for a white-collar crime. But Labour's Jack Dromey said the figures showed crime was not falling but changing. "It's symbolic, it's not going to have any effect on the crime rate. <CN> Criminals are checking on a person's faith before the commission of their crimes? Seems a lot of bother to me.
<HS> These 8 crooks are all Muslims and every one of their victims is Non-Muslim, white-British. Why do these criminals only target White British Non-Muslims? <knowl> For many white-collar criminals in middle or retirement age, the terms are essentially life sentences, since federal prisoners have to serve at least 85% of their time. BuzzBurglars come in four flavors -- crooks, bums, addicts and sexual predators -- finds a study of career criminals. As criminals have less money to spend on stuff, they are more likely to turn into identity criminals. Dramatic increases in Russian emigration often by non-Jews like Ivankov spread the Russian emigre criminal population across the region. "Because the crooks filed first, Letchworth and her husband will have to prove to the IRS that they were the victims of identity theft. <CN> Isn't this a 'Have You Stopped Beating Your Wife?' question.?
<HS> These 8 crooks are all Muslims and every one of their victims is Non-Muslim, white-British. Why do these criminals only target White British Non-Muslims? <knowl> Vernon Geberth, a retired NYPD commander and veteran homicide investigator, warned that many elderly people become targeted by criminals because they are vulnerable. BuzzBurglars come in four flavors -- crooks, bums, addicts and sexual predators -- finds a study of career criminals. The two men used aggressive sales tactics to intimidate elderly and vulnerable people into having work carried out. Judith Lynn Slobbe once served as a poster girl for the rights of non-violent criminals to get accelerated parole. Criminals that prey on the elderly, they love the elderly — this is their source of wealth, said Kristen A. Kane, a Queens assistant district attorney. <CN> Tosh! Criminals are 'equal opportunists', targeting the elderly and vulnerable regardless of their faith or ethnicity.
<HS> Don't the Moslem's Holy books say 'kill infidels wherever they may be hiding'. <knowl> Israeli policy was to leave Moslem and Christian holy sites in Moslem and Christian hands. They are also not in favor of "peaceful solutions," and prefer to kill or be killed. Median Dairieh's film features young boys talking on camera about their hopes to kill infidels. They kill their own, they kill infidels and they think they are going to heaven for doing that. The stones and trees will say O Moslems, O Abdulla, there is a Jew behind me, come and kill him. <CN> No, the Qur'an does not instruct killing in any part of it. Seriously, check your facts.
<HS> Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade. <knowl> The vessel housed depictions of the Zong massacre and the slave trade . The American Revolution threw the slave trade and slavery itself into crisis. In 1787 , the Society for the Abolition of the Slave Trade was founded . True, the slave trade continued for another five years, but at decreasing annual volumes. Parliament received numerous petitions against the slave trade and examined the issue in 1788 . <CN> Slavery long predated Islam, they inherited slavery and proceeded to improve conditions. Way ahead of the rest of the world.
<HS> Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade. <knowl> The American Revolution threw the slave trade and slavery itself into crisis. True, the slave trade continued for another five years, but at decreasing annual volumes. During the War of Independence, tens of thousands of slaves escaped to British lines. The year is 1787, and the first anti-slave trade bill has just been defeated. The slave trade was a major source of disagreement at the Constitutional Convention of 1787. <CN> But the British turned it into an art form to rape and pillage across the world.
<HS> Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade. <knowl> The ship was owned by the Gregson slave - trading syndicate , based in Liverpool , which participated in the Atlantic slave trade . The vessel housed depictions of the Zong massacre and the slave trade . The American Revolution threw the slave trade and slavery itself into crisis. She has traced some of her ancestors to the slave trade there. Britain passed the Slave Trade Act 1807 , which prohibited the Atlantic slave trade , and the Royal Navy enforced the Blockade of Africa . <CN> That is inaccurate, do your research! Slave trade had been there for ages before all over the world.
<HS> Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade. <knowl> The American Revolution threw the slave trade and slavery itself into crisis. The movie ends with the anti-slave-trade act of 1807, but the battle against slavery continued. Those who hoped that ending American participation in the slave trade would weaken or destroy slavery were acutely disappointed. Still other schools were built with money made from the slave trade. True, the slave trade continued for another five years, but at decreasing annual volumes. <CN> Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
<HS> Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade. <knowl> The slave trade was a major source of disagreement at the Constitutional Convention of 1787. The movie ends with the anti-slave-trade act of 1807, but the battle against slavery continued. The more intelligent [slaves] learn to read and write and acquire a partial knowledge of the Koran, the Courant claimed of slaves in Islamic lands. The American Revolution threw the slave trade and slavery itself into crisis. The Legislature of the newly acquired Louisiana Territory also allowed the importation of slaves. <CN> Slavery was widely dominant before Islam. Muslims actually improved the conditions of slaves and stressed the importance of compassion and kindness.
<HS> Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade. <knowl> The ship was owned by the Gregson slave - trading syndicate , based in Liverpool , which participated in the Atlantic slave trade . It was suggested that the slave trade be termed the Atlantic triangular trade. One of the main reasons for the rise of commodities was the rise in the slave trade , specifically the Atlantic slave trade . Britain passed the Slave Trade Act 1807 , which prohibited the Atlantic slave trade , and the Royal Navy enforced the Blockade of Africa . The Slave Trade Act of 1799 was passed to make these provisions permanent . , notably William Wilberforce , continued their effort to end the slave trade . <CN> That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
<HS> Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade. <knowl> The ship was owned by the Gregson slave - trading syndicate , based in Liverpool , which participated in the Atlantic slave trade . Britain passed the Slave Trade Act 1807 , which prohibited the Atlantic slave trade , and the Royal Navy enforced the Blockade of Africa . The Slave Trade Act of 1799 was passed to make these provisions permanent . , notably William Wilberforce , continued their effort to end the slave trade . It was commemorated in London in 2007 , among events to mark the bicentenary of the British Slave Trade Act 1807 , which abolished the African slave trade . The next year Parliament passed the first law regulating the slave trade , to limit the number of slaves per ship . <CN> No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
<HS> Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade. <knowl> The movie ends with the anti-slave-trade act of 1807, but the battle against slavery continued. Banning American participation in the slave trade did not end the shipment of Africans to the Western Hemisphere. The American Revolution threw the slave trade and slavery itself into crisis. Muslims of all religious and political points of view resent what they see as a loyalty test from non-Muslims. And that role, it turns out, was a considerable one, especially for the slave-trading kingdoms of western and central Africa. <CN> Non-muslims are the ones who used slavery to build the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. What is your point?
<HS> Muslims are the ones who invented the slave trade. <knowl> The ship was owned by the Gregson slave - trading syndicate , based in Liverpool , which participated in the Atlantic slave trade . Britain passed the Slave Trade Act 1807 , which prohibited the Atlantic slave trade , and the Royal Navy enforced the Blockade of Africa . The key driver of the slave trade was, of course, the desire to make money. The Slave Trade Act of 1799 was passed to make these provisions permanent . , notably William Wilberforce , continued their effort to end the slave trade . It was commemorated in London in 2007 , among events to mark the bicentenary of the British Slave Trade Act 1807 , which abolished the African slave trade . <CN> Christian Europeans are the ones that then expanded the slave trade to an industrial scale and instrumentalised exploitation as a key component of our economy.
<HS> Islam is not a religion, its just an excuse for retarded sexual psychopaths, bastards who pollute the world. <knowl> The "Free World," it appears, may be losing faith in free speech. Becuase on faith alone Islam is indefensible and driect sponsor of violence, hatred, and venegence. For Muslims, it is the entitlement to see that their religion is the predominant faith everywhere. So its not just only muslims who use the camouflage of religion to sow seeds of hatred. <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? This is just hatred.
<HS> Islam is not a religion, its just an excuse for retarded sexual psychopaths, bastards who pollute the world. <knowl> I like my culture, my religion, my way of seeing the world. In a number of countries where Islam is the prevailing religion, such insults are crimes. FYI: Criminals, of any religion or not, usually try to "hide" their crime (duh)!They've done a crappy job of that, these murderous islamic parents who kill their daughters. The religion of religiosly-motivated men who consider themselves holy warriors is NOT incidental to their crimes. The country has only one school system, Modesto, Calif., that requires a world religions course for graduation. <CN> That is a misunderstanding. On the contrary, Islam is a peaceful religion and condemns any crimes or violences to anyone.
<HS> Islam is not a religion, its just an excuse for retarded sexual psychopaths, bastards who pollute the world. <knowl> However, many Muslims do believe that America must back away from the Muslim world. So many of us Muslims around the world have Islam in common, but an altogether different culture from one another. As the main body of people hating Jews today is the Muslim World, his initial presence falls flat on its face. But their are too many violent muslims today and throughout history. <CN> I know many Muslims who are wonderful people and have done nothing wrong to this world. You should not insult people based on their religion.
<HS> Islam is not a religion, its just an excuse for retarded sexual psychopaths, bastards who pollute the world. <knowl> Just another case showing how awful religion is for our world. People who skew religion to justify their political beliefs are not real religious people. On page eight, they switch from the religions to people who follow the religion. Still, it is important to note that the problem is not bad people, but bad ideology. <CN> People have the right to belong to any religion they want. If you do not like their religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> His way of practicing Islam was different than the way I was taught growing. They murder, torture, rape in the name of their god Allah. Many people who came to Islam later in life prefer the term revert instead of convert. The texts of Islam are clearly distinct from the other religions' texts, as they, to a higher degree, call for violence and aggression against followers of other faiths, she concluded. Bennett said: I know there are a lot of other people who practice, I'll call it Islam-lite. <CN> These are gross crimes that are surely common to people who may profess or be ascribed adherence to a range of faiths. Although viewed from 'the inside' unlikely to be perceived as 'devout'. More about behaviours than matters of doctrine.
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> The resolution cites "politically-correct whitewashes of Islamic culture and stigmas on Christian civilization," as well as "sanitized definitions of 'jihad' that exclude religious intolerance or military aggression against non-Muslims." It affects the lives of people of great faith  or no faith at all. Those who say that Islamic Jihad was merely for the defense of the 'homeland of Islam' diminish the greatness of the Islamic way of life. The Muslim Council of Britain called him "a self-serving publicity seeker," and the Islamic Society of Britain said Choudary "has no legitimacy in the Muslim community. Critics of Islamic religious education in the schools, including many Muslims themselves, say that there is no group in the country that can speak for all Muslims. <CN> Islam isn't incompatible with your way of life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. How many Muslims have you met that were rapists/murderers/had slaves?
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> Runnin' down the way of life, Our fightin' men have fought and died to keep. Islam is a way of life for all of the affairs of the faithful, including civic. What exactly brings the OIC - Organization of Islamic Countries - believe in. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. There are other cultures that have different ways of governing fairly. <CN> This is not true. How can you say that about 1.6 billion people?
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> By Audrey Snyder, Special for USA TODAYThe child sex-abuse scandal that resulted in Paterno's firing changed the focus of the season. An artist has removed a halo from a mural of Penn State football coach Joe Paterno amid the school's child sex-abuse scandal. "That's the unfortunate outcome of any child sex abuse case, you just don't know. Penn State fired Paterno in November 2011 amid fallout from the Jerry Sandusky child sex abuse scandal. <CN> Biased media coverage over-represents Muslims as committing these crimes. How much media attention does the Vatican's child sex abuse scandal got in comparison?
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> This interpretation of Islam, Nomani says, is part of a larger problem. The founder of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community emphatically declared that an aggressive jihad by the sword has no place in Islam. The Nation of Islam in recent years seems to have lost appeal even among black Americans with an interest in Islam. Since our values and messages are based purely on the documented teachings of Islam, we simply speak for what Islam teaches. His actions ran counter to the true, peaceful, message of Islam, and he created so much mistrust and misconception of Islam. <CN> The demonisation of the Muslim community is the real problem here. Comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not Islam.
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> The American Constitution and way of life are under constant attack from enemies determined to destroy our liberties and our lives. The court further found that in its "independent judgment," child rape could not be compared to murder in terms of warranting the death penalty. Those who say that Islamic Jihad was merely for the defense of the 'homeland of Islam' diminish the greatness of the Islamic way of life. Their understanding of Islam comes from what they are taught by others. He connives with henchmen, wearing Sunday-school-pageant costumes and reclining in front of tents, and promises pedophilic soldiers that they can rape children as war spoils. <CN> Fake news and fearmongering does not help anyone, when you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child rape, slavery or murders get in touch.
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> I began to understand that one of the ways the bad guys are trying to threaten our way of life is through our children. Covenant of the Islamic Resistance MovementThe Islamic Resistance Movement is a distinguished Palestinian movement, whose allegiance is to Allah, and whose way of life is Islam. This means that by 2050, more than 6 out of 10 people on Earth will be Christian or Muslim. A review of the book shows there is balanced attention given to the beliefs of Islam, Judaism and Christianity. Nationalism of the Islamic Resistance Movement is part of its religion. <CN> Islam, Christianity and Judaism are all closely linked with love and peace at their heart, together we can end child rape, slavery and murder.
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> Military personnel will be on the streets at Christmas and the New Year to stop any street celebrations. Palo Conteh, the minister of defence who heads the government's Ebola response unit, said on Friday there would be no Christmas and New Year celebrations this year. Those who say that Islamic Jihad was merely for the defense of the 'homeland of Islam' diminish the greatness of the Islamic way of life. "When they confront the West that they perceive or misperceive as morally in decline, many Muslims feel that Islam is the best way of life. Their understanding of Islam comes from what they are taught by others. <CN> [link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's celebrations] really?
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> Islam is a way of life for all of the affairs of the faithful, including civic. It's there as a justification for the massive numbers of black people who are stopped and searched, for instance. Few verses of Islam's most sacred text can be construed to fit the contemporary virtues of religious tolerance and universal brotherhood. Those who say that Islamic Jihad was merely for the defense of the 'homeland of Islam' diminish the greatness of the Islamic way of life. See:The real raison d'etre of Islam is to control "the people" (that's why it's called Islam, or "Submit!" to begin with). <CN> And yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white people if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> Covenant of the Islamic Resistance MovementThe Islamic Resistance Movement is a distinguished Palestinian movement, whose allegiance is to Allah, and whose way of life is Islam. "People interpret Islam based on their exposure," he said, comparing the differences in Islam to differences in diet. Most Muslims in Europe, the United States and even in parts of the Islamic world view the presence of Islam in the West as a chance to overcome such polarization. For the moment, there does not seem to be much prospect of a moderate Islam in the Muslim world. "Islam is not just a set of beliefs, it is a complete and comprehensive way of life," said Brasted. <CN> Islam has also given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. It is impossible to take it out of our life!
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> In a number of countries where Islam is the prevailing religion, such insults are crimes. Yes, the Quran protects the rights of women and children, condemns rape, forbids inheriting women (let alone children) against their will, and forbids compulsion in religion. People of many faiths have committed violent acts in the name of religion and issued threats over insults. Senator Roberts said Islam was a political ideology , a way of life, a legal system that was incompatible with Australia's secular system and was not a religion of peace. A recent Bloomberg poll found that Americans think by 64-28 that Islam is an inherently peaceful religion, but there are some who twist its teachings to justify violent acts. <CN> Rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences in the Bible. Many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> Moderate Islam should be defined as a form of Islam that rejects these violent and discriminatory edicts. The one group of people that can know they have his undying, unfailing support would be the Muslim community. Here we have a group of people accused of being violent. The caricature of Islam as a violent and intolerant religion is horrendously incomplete. But in fact, most of the reaction from the Muslim world was not violent. <CN> The myth that Muslims are dangerous and violent is a product of our vilifying media. Don't believe everything you read.
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> This is the judgment of Allah and His Apostle (for such cases) and repeated it thrice. No law of war in Islam is more violated than the targeting of unarmed men, women, and children. Judd said he was frustrated that Greaves' book was protected under freedom of speech laws, even though it was created "specifically to teach people how to sexually molest and rape children. This is of more than academic interest as it is seen as a growth region for both Islam and Christianity but, with notable exceptions, Pew's researchers found the continent generally tolerant in matters of faith. Scholarly literature often echoes stereotypical images of Islam and Muslims, such as women in burqas or bearded fanatics with bulging eyes shouting slogans. <CN> You are generalizing too much. Christian people are also known to rape children and murder people! But we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. I think the same is true about Muslims.
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> Those who say that Islamic Jihad was merely for the defense of the 'homeland of Islam' diminish the greatness of the Islamic way of life. We need more people of all faiths taking a stand for human beings of all faiths. Human rights organization praised the Constitution, in particular for its recognition of universal human rights standards and conventions. The paintings — Freedom of Speech , Freedom of Worship , Freedom from Want , and Freedom from Fear — are each approximately 45 . Freedom of Worship is the second of a series of four oil paintings by Norman Rockwell entitled Four Freedoms . <CN> I thought 'our way of life' was about tolerance, universal human rights and freedoms, including the freedom of worship?
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> Manhattan Federal Judge Naomi Reice Buchwald ruled last month that the Five Percenters are part of a "way of life" or a religion, an arm of Islam called the Nation of Gods and Earths. Muhammid spent most of his adult life committing violence against people who refused his domination. Sure, the Islamic faith forbids murder, but there's a small but significant minority of Muslims murdering people in terrible ways, and in Islam's name. There are no consequences!CHOUDARY: The United States of America are the champions of murdering innocent people!GELLER: The champions of freedom, sir!GELLER: You can't take it. Acevedo, 49, agreed to plead guilty to 297 counts, including murdering the women and kidnapping and raping children. <CN> There are criminals, who are from UK, raping children and murdering people. Maybe it's better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> It affects the lives of people of great faith — or no faith at all. I have a very good friend who is a member of the Islam faith, he said. Attacking the sanctities of a religion, I submit, is quite unlike targeting the faithful of that religion. Senator Roberts said Islam was a political ideology , a way of life, a legal system that was incompatible with Australia's secular system and was not a religion of peace. True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion. <CN> Pretending Islam is not a religion or that evil people do not exist in any other faith just does not help let's get real and tackle child abuse and slavery everywhere.
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> We ALL, USA included, need to understand and respect each others way of life. To give the Taliban as a positive example for a way of life is absurd. Because of this difficulty, we let three scholars and two eyewitness participants analyze the motives of the early Islamic Crusades. "I believe that our political leaders should use their position to bring understanding about the religion of Islam, and clarify that these misguided murderers have perverted people's views on what Islam really is. We must realize that Islam is undeniably the most progressive religion, which is in fact a way of life with a very wide scope. <CN> Let's have a crusade. Except did not the last one lead to child rape, enslavement and murder?
<HS> Islam is a cult and not a religion. They rape children, enslave and murder people, attack our values, and there is nothing good about it. It is incompatible with our way of life. <knowl> Today, nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are Muslim. Of the few Muslims I polled who said that Obama is not Muslim, even they conceded that he had ties to Islam. Nevertheless, throughout much of Islamic history, Muslim governments have embraced an interpretation of Islamic law that imposes the death penalty for apostasy. In most countries, Muslims are much more worried about Islamic extremists than Christian extremists. Sure, the Islamic faith forbids murder, but there's a small but significant minority of Muslims murdering people in terrible ways, and in Islam's name. <CN> Muslims aren't rapists or murderers, in fact many Muslims are doing good things to fight the extremists falsely appropriating Islam: https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/.
<HS> Islam is not a peaceful religion and does not produce the best of men. It denounces women and encourages crimes. Criminals are not all of a certain race or religion, but one race and religion produces criminals. <knowl> Authoritative entities will always use religious vocabulary to keep women down, but, in the end, some women will stand freer than the rest. It is only in the fundamentalist religions that women are relegated to second class. She only tells Muslim women what they already knew: that some women stand above them. Yet women are criminals in Iran if they remove their headscarves to feel the wind in their hair. It's as easy as getting in your car and driving to the airport or picking up illegal street hails. <CN> Today, in many Muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. For example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
<HS> Islam is not a peaceful religion and does not produce the best of men. It denounces women and encourages crimes. Criminals are not all of a certain race or religion, but one race and religion produces criminals. <knowl> It affects the lives of people of great faith  or no faith at all. It's hard to overestimate the religion's impact in Mexican history, even though church and state were estranged for most of the last century and relations with the Vatican were only restored in 1992. More of a torture method, crucifixion was commonly used to deter would-be criminals by displaying captured crooks nailed up in agonising pain. "As one commenter put it on the blog Religion in American History, âIts heartening that dead, white, powerful Protestants are getting another look. About a third, or 34 percent, of the elected members have criminal records, up from 30 percent in 2009 and 24 percent in 2004. <CN> This religion also produces great artists, philosophers, historians, politicians, scientists! The proportion of criminals is present in every society.
<HS> Islam is not a peaceful religion and does not produce the best of men. It denounces women and encourages crimes. Criminals are not all of a certain race or religion, but one race and religion produces criminals. <knowl> Most British people are diffident when it comes to discussing religion, and consider insulting an entire faith the height of loutishness. BUT IT WILL BE A WORLD WITHOUT RACISM OR HATRED OF ANY CERTAIN PEOPLE . It is their hatred, it's not our hatred, Trump said as Hamid left peacefully. We need to be all-in on it, and the simple thing is that these are Islamic terrorists who have co-opted a religion that is peaceful," he added. Still, among Republicans, you have more than one in three that considers it a violent religion. <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> Islam is not a peaceful religion and does not produce the best of men. It denounces women and encourages crimes. Criminals are not all of a certain race or religion, but one race and religion produces criminals. <knowl> Bangladeshi civil rights groups are, rightfully, hailing the verdict as a victory for rule of law, and for women's rights, as fatwa are disproportionately made against women. You see it, whether it's in Paris, or whether it's the World Trade Center.... By most measures, it sounds like a major victory in the government's fight against organized crime. "I know it's political stuff, but he should assure the Muslim community they have the right to build over there. Motivation may be but it probably will have something to do more politics than religion so let's not cast a wide net. <CN> In fact, there are some verses in Quran advocate women's right. Here are some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
<HS> Islam is not a peaceful religion and does not produce the best of men. It denounces women and encourages crimes. Criminals are not all of a certain race or religion, but one race and religion produces criminals. <knowl> It is an essential part of Islamic teachings to respect human life. The violent demonstrations and the breaking of embassies violate Islamic teachings. "It really showed atheists why religion should not be in power. Would it frighten criminals away?Most people understand that guns deter criminals. Nevertheless, some expressions went way beyond the bounds of mainstream Islamic teachings. <CN> I am curious where you get those thoughts from. The truth is that Islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
<HS> Islam is not a peaceful religion and does not produce the best of men. It denounces women and encourages crimes. Criminals are not all of a certain race or religion, but one race and religion produces criminals. <knowl> On balance, I think it's more good news than bad news. If Fifty Shades of Grey is religion, is it Ross Douthat's nightmare of bad religion? The strangest and most untrue thing that can be said about Islam is that it is a Religion of Peace. These are the moments when it's embarrassing to be a Christian. Sinead, It's great to hear from you after all these years. <CN> You seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith that teaches that 'God does not love the aggressors.'?
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> After the Better Place bankruptcy announcement I've been asked if I was wrong about Better Place's business model. That remains with Better Place, and comes with the "subscription," which is what Better Place calls access to the power infrastructure to run the car. An electric car is connected to a Better Place battery switch station in Kiryat Ekron, central Israel, March 23, 2011Shai Agassi, the founder of Better Place, the most sophisticated electric-car enterprise in the world, projects the ebullient confidence of a man facing a giant wave of money. Enter Better Place, the start-up that makes more than electric cars. I highlighted Better Place and its founder Shai Agassi as one of the best examples of business model innovation and the importance of a real world test bed. <CN> The world would be a better place without your intolerance, it only creates a divided, toxic society.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> Huckle took pictures and videos of himself raping the children and shared the images with an international network of paedophiles on the dark web. King, originally from Luton, had admitted raping a baby and filming himself doing it before and sending a video of the abuse to other paedophiles. Yet both moved in and out of criminal society with shocking ease. The dad of four's gang preyed on girls as young as 13. Katsav, 65, faces a minimum of four years in prison on two counts of raping one of his employees in 1998 when he was Israel's tourism minister. <CN> Watch the news, the Popes just acknowledged abuse of Nuns by priests is rife, has called for paedophiles in the clergy to turn themselves in. The problem is society is not restricted to anyone's religion.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> Muslims demonstrate that across the world in every muslim country every day. "No mystery which major world religion (Islam) is the main instigator of anti-Jewish hate. I would ask the good Muslims of America -- and the world -- to forthrightly address the significant cancer within your religion. How many muslims were killed and beheaded in the non-muslim countries around the world in 2010 because they were muslims? I can't second guess what goes on --HANNITY: Would it be a good thing for the Muslim world, the moderate Muslim world? <CN> A select few extreme Muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any more common in Islam than they are in any other religion.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> I figure I'll wake up in a better place tomorrow, Worthington said on Tuesday. A better target for him would have been these gang-bangers, running around rapping, raping and stealing. It won't work - it's a recipe for complete failure, the party's leader, Christine Milne, said. She sees them all as victims -- like her -- of a brutal, unrelenting tradition, one that leading Muslim thinkers insist has no place in Islam. During the 1960s black women, particularly voting-rights activists, remained vulnerable to rape and sexualized violence, especially in places where television crews and NAACP organizers could not go: private homes and prison cells. <CN> I am tired of all the scapegoating and a complete failure to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes to their protection. Find out what is really going on #InquiryCSA #Truthproject.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> I can't second guess what goes on --HANNITY: Would it be a good thing for the Muslim world, the moderate Muslim world? I was suspected of doing it to get better control of actors. Last year the FBI director, James Comey, warned increasing encryption threatened to take the world to a very, very dark place, leaving law enforcement unable to access information. Some of the things I've been doing and living in, it's a very dark place," Ellenberger said. Many call Congo the "rape capital of the world," and when you work as I have with the doctors and nurses who have treated tens of thousands of rape survivors, it's hard not to acknowledge some truth to this terrible epithet. <CN> The world would actually be a very dark place without Muslims who contribute a lot to our society. What about our Muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> I saw there wasn't that many videos on YouTube and I started uploading a couple of Gary Glitter tracks myself. The only condition is that we don't meet in public, which is how I've ended up in a Birmingham hotel room on a Saturday morning with six Gary Glitter fans reminiscing about their favourite gigs. Miller is now in charge of Gary Glitter's Ganghouse, and has decided to merge it with another Facebook group called Forever The Leader. Glitter is best known for the hit "Rock & Roll (Part 2)," but he fell into disgrace after being convicted on child abuse charges in Vietnam. One, called Gary Glitter's Ganghouse, was set up in 2011 by 33-year-old Richard Smith, who discovered Glitter's music long after the singer's convictions: deeply improbable as it may seem, Gary Glitter is still apparently capable of attracting new fans. <CN> It wasn't Muslims protecting Jimmy Saville or Gary Glitter, how many more public figures will we find? It wasn't Muslims turning a blind eye to those in the Church in Ireland or the Vatican. Let's route out child abuse everywhere and not just scapegoat.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> The F.B.I. currently classifies nearly all hate violence against American Sikhs as instances of anti-Islamic or anti-Muslim hate crimes. The increase in reports of apparent hate crimes has worried Justice Department officials. In Chapel Hill, we all want to have faith in the integrity of a criminal investigation; yet we insist, along with the family of the victims of this terrible crime, that every possibility - including that it may have been a hate-crime - be explored. The Justice Department says it has been investigating all aspects of this case, including the question of hate crime charges, since earlier this year. It is very subjective, and it barely qualifies under one of the FBI's 14 points for establishing objective evidence of a hate crime. <CN> Stats show Muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. This kind of false sentiment only serves to fuel hate crime against Muslims.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> After the Better Place bankruptcy announcement I've been asked if I was wrong about Better Place's business model. That remains with Better Place, and comes with the "subscription," which is what Better Place calls access to the power infrastructure to run the car. Politics is about public service and MPs want to "make the world a better place", he said. Lache thinks Better Place has an economical business model though not necessarily in all parts of the world. In 1955 the queen said, we must adventure on if we are to make the world a better place. <CN> The world would be a better place if people were more tolerant to each other.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> Longtime family friend Suzanne Mados said Gazzara died Friday in Manhattan. With its suffering largely cut off from the outside world, this landlocked former French colony, population 5.1 million, has catapulted into place as one of Africas most troubled countries. Born Nelle Harper Lee in April 1926, she was the youngest of four children. I figure I'll wake up in a better place tomorrow, Worthington said on Tuesday. He abused his position of authority and responsibility towards them," the Supreme Court judges wrote. <CN> Most children abuse is by someone they know, a relative, family friend, sports coach, some one in a position of trust and authority. If you really cared about children check your facts instead of creating distractions.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> It's a white woman blithely saying that all Latino men are rapists. I am to do my part to rid the world of the white devils. I figure I'll wake up in a better place tomorrow, Worthington said on Tuesday. After eating at the New Park Pizzeria, the four men were attacked by 10 white men. Consequently, rape laws, as Freedman writes, actually contributed to the immunities enjoyed by white men who seduced, harassed, or assaulted women of any race, and by doing so, reinforced their own sexual privileges. <CN> According to the CEOP, white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'Type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. By your standard, we should get rid of them too.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> They made an order at the house and had me placed into a mental institution. I figure I'll wake up in a better place tomorrow, Worthington said on Tuesday. Convicted killer Paul Bernardo, who also pleaded guilty to numerous rapes, has applied for day parole in Toronto. The two 20-years-to-life sentences for aggravated murder and sentences for other crimes total 445 years, the judge said. Roof left three people alive in the church basement so they could tell the world his reasons for the shooting, police said. <CN> No most are hard working honest people like every other religion and most abuse is from family or friends or within an institution. Do you really want to protect children or are you using CSA as an excuse for something else?
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> I figure I'll wake up in a better place tomorrow, Worthington said on Tuesday. Well, they kill in the name of your religion, they kill in the name of Islam. I mean this guy was a human animal, and killing him is probably making the world a better place. I can't second guess what goes on --HANNITY: Would it be a good thing for the Muslim world, the moderate Muslim world? Terry dedicated his life to serving the public and making the world a safer and better place, Watson's family said in a statement. <CN> Killing and raping are forbidden sins in Islam same as every other religion. So yeah if people in all religions stopped that, the world would be a better place.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> After the Better Place bankruptcy announcement I've been asked if I was wrong about Better Place's business model. Steve was an amazing human being and left the world a better place. That remains with Better Place, and comes with the "subscription," which is what Better Place calls access to the power infrastructure to run the car. Politics is about public service and MPs want to "make the world a better place", he said. Lache thinks Better Place has an economical business model though not necessarily in all parts of the world. <CN> Most child abusers in the UK are white men so by your logic the world would be a better place without white men?
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> "Girls as young as 11 were raped by large numbers of male perpetrators. Rape by the initial gang member, who girls are made to feel is their boyfriend. It said the perpetrators could belong to the armed gangs leading the rebellion against Gadhafi. Many lost their lives at the hands of the army, Muslim militias, youth gangs or rampaging mobs. An absence of alternative accommodation and the fact that some vulnerable children keep running away means a place in a secure children's home is better than leaving them vulnerable to predatory gangs. <CN> In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> I figure I'll wake up in a better place tomorrow, Worthington said on Tuesday. "My sincere hope, though, is that as a school UO can get through this and come out in a better place at the end," she wrote. "Oh yeah, completely without being mentally ill, Prosecutor Wes Adams said. "At the time, I was raped by Ward and I wanted revenge. Some Muslims have told the U.N. refugee agency they fear to go home. <CN> There is a problem in every community, what are you doing to stop it in yours?
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> After the Better Place bankruptcy announcement I've been asked if I was wrong about Better Place's business model. Steve was an amazing human being and left the world a better place. That remains with Better Place, and comes with the "subscription," which is what Better Place calls access to the power infrastructure to run the car. Politics is about public service and MPs want to "make the world a better place", he said. Lache thinks Better Place has an economical business model though not necessarily in all parts of the world. <CN> The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> What is needed first is an honest dialogue between Muslims and Muslims. Many Muslims regard depictions of the prophet, even favorable ones, as blasphemous. If Muslims butchering Muslims — in Sudan, Iraq, Egypt, Pakistan and Jordan — produces little communal reaction, while cartoons and papal remarks produce mass protests, what does Islam stand for today? As parts of the Muslim world fire up with anti-American protests, thousands rally in Benghazi, Libya, where the U.S. ambassador and three others were killed, to support America. <CN> Many Muslims have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the UK.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> Three weeks ago, a Muslim gunman opened fire on worshipers as they walked out of church, killing 7.People were scared, and the police were edgy. They knew that predatory priests had taken advantage of their proximity and positions of trust to sexually abuse young boys, just as Sandusky appears to have done. Out of the church's many unpleasant confrontations with modernity, this is the starkest. She had an unwavering love of God, her children and the people of Haiti," he said. Jeffs was convicted of sex assault in 2011 for raping two church girls, ages 12 and 15. <CN> More of our children are killed by cars, assaulted by people they know or in positions of trust like sports coach, church or authority figure. Its horrible but if we really want to protect children start there. #truthproject.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> "I've had a natural reaction of sadness and disgust to somebody moking (sic) the death of millions of innocent people. Deputy National Security Adviser Denis McDonough endorsed efforts to create "a world where the dignity of all people—and all faiths—is respected." He knew there would be a group of black people inside, he said. Ultimately, no one intervened and the assault was likely witnessed by hundreds of people, police said. No doubt, there are a lot of bad folks whose deaths make the world a better place. <CN> This is disgusting. How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> But both Jones and Muslim extremists are wrong about the "violent" teachings of Islam. Moderate Muslims, like the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community, want to get to the bottom of this radical plague within the worldwide Muslim community and to bring Muslims back to the true, moderate, teachings of Islam. As moderate Muslims, we know our work is still cut out for us to continue to educate Muslims and non-Muslims about the real, documented teachings of Islam. "These terrorists ISIS are not true Muslims, they do not practice the true teachings of Islam; peace, mercy and compassion and they are the enemy of all mankind. Since our values and messages are based purely on the documented teachings of Islam, we simply speak for what Islam teaches. <CN> A very small percentage of Muslims commit those sins, same as any other religion. Cant generalize it to Muslims who abide by the peaceful teachings of Islam.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> After the Better Place bankruptcy announcement I've been asked if I was wrong about Better Place's business model. Steve was an amazing human being and left the world a better place. That remains with Better Place, and comes with the "subscription," which is what Better Place calls access to the power infrastructure to run the car. Politics is about public service and MPs want to "make the world a better place", he said. What I tried to tell them all along is to make the world a better place, he notes. <CN> The world would be a better place without such ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> "Cases of child sexual abuse are extremely complicated and difficult," it read. The three face charges of child abuse resulting in death, kidnapping and tampering with evidence. That case prompted an overhaul of the New Mexico state agency that investigates child abuse. <CN> Horrific crimes of child sexual abuse and rape are not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> She divides the Muslim world into two groups: Mecca Muslims and Medina Muslims. No religion condones the killing of innocents and the vast majority of ISIL's victims have been Muslim. His hateful ideology and targeting of innocent civilians has been rejected by the vast majority of Muslims and people of all faiths. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Threatening to ban the families and friends of Muslim Americans as well as millions of Muslim businesspeople and tourists trying to enter our country hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror, she said, referencing Trump's 2015 call to ban Muslims from entering the United States. <CN> The vast majority of Muslims do not condone violence or rape. Don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
<HS> The world would be a better place without Muslims. They are only killing and raping our children. <knowl> Muslims demonstrate that across the world in every muslim country every day. Muslims trying to kill thousnds of Americans every year are causing Americans to fear Muslims. How many muslims were killed and beheaded in the non-muslim countries around the world in 2010 because they were muslims? I can't second guess what goes on --HANNITY: Would it be a good thing for the Muslim world, the moderate Muslim world? Why is it that ALL these muslim countries discriminate against the non-muslims? <CN> Are you purposely trying to avoid good news stories about Muslim?
<HS> People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people. <knowl> People have a right to demand a civilized level of law and peace. While not all people with antisocial personality disorder -- or even all psychopaths -- end up breaking the law, and not all criminals meet the criteria for these disorders, there is a marked correlation. A British rugby player is in hot water with the law for some very fishy behavior. That side of antitrust law is known as abuse of dominant position law in the European Union. Mauritania: Muslim men engaging in homosexual sex can be stoned to death, according to a 1984 law. <CN> The law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does English law. Words hurt. If a Brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
<HS> People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people. <knowl> Hate crimes against Muslims and black people in America surged in 2015, according to new federal data. Earlier this week, the FBI released new federal data that show a spike in hate crimes against Muslims and black people from 2014 to 2015. This is because for black people, even squares like Obama, being cool is completely effortless. For black people in America, there has been a lot to feel afraid of lately. This is because they're white - and white people are not as cool as black people. <CN> Black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. Muslims get surveyed by PREVENT just for being Muslim. Anyone would think English law has been persecuting Muslims for hundreds of years.
<HS> People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people. <knowl> Meanwhile, four people were killed on Saturday when a powerful car bomb exploded in Baghdad, near Shiite Muslims preparing for an annual pilgrimage, police officials said. The other sentence is: Frankly, Muslim life is cheap, especially for Muslims. The Republican primary candidate is brushing off the use of his words against Muslims in a new video by an al-Qaida affiliate, known as al-Shabaab. Muslims, blamed for the fire, were then targeted by Hindus bent on revenge during three days of rioting that killed more than 1,200 people, mostly Muslims. sentenced 31 people to life in prison Wednesday after convicting them of killing dozens of Muslims during communal riots in the western Indian state of Gujarat nine years ago. <CN> Can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing Muslims? I cannot believe it until I see official data.
<HS> People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people. <knowl> [Alistair] Darling telephoned Cameron to warn him against using the moment of victory to demand English votes for English laws at Westminster. I was advocating English votes for English laws 15 years ago, said Mr Hague. But a powerful backlash against the bribes offered to Scottish voters has suddenly made demands for conferred respectability on the slogan of English votes for English laws. Biting the bullet, it is suggested, involves either the creation of a new English parliament, or legislating so that only English MPs have a say over English laws. For Labour, it was the Scottish independence referendum, and David Cameron English votes for English laws challenge. <CN> Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judgement. We should have more faith in English laws and people who execute the laws.
<HS> People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people. <knowl> For Muslims all over the world, this will lead to the needed reform of Muslim people and Muslim thinking--and it will be reform from within, not one imposed from outside. I want to enable people to have a sense of belonging. The Republican primary candidate is brushing off the use of his words against Muslims in a new video by an al-Qaida affiliate, known as al-Shabaab. Mehdi Hasan, a prominent Muslim commentator, wrote recently of the relentless hostility towards Muslims. This exodus to Syria has led non-Muslims to point an accusing finger at Muslim communities. <CN> So you feel like you have been persecuted for belonging to a group? Maybe you have more in common with Muslims than you think!
<HS> People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people. <knowl> Hidalgo warned again against stigmatising the Muslim community after the attacks. When people talk about it being an immigration or racial issue, those people are dumb. If they can establish in the English mind that they are the voice of the Scottish people, the natural English inclination will be to say: Oh well, give them what they want. The couple set up as English language tutors to local business people in a village north of Munich. Moody fears the EU will be vindictive against Britain, should it opt to leave: Do the British people really understand how pissed off people are in Europe about all the criticism we focus on the EU? <CN> Is it just words? Things I see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. To me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, be it a European person or an immigrant. Also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
<HS> People go to prison for just words against Muslims, but Islamic crimes against Europeans are left unpunished. People are banned from UK for just words, but Muslim rapists are allowed to enter. English laws persecute us instead of defending us, English people. <knowl> In other words, the strategy of these terrorists is to provoke Islamophobia. And he also wants people to remember how he died: "Murdered by Muslim terrorists. Well -- it it shouldn't be offensive to Muslims and Muslims and aren't terrorists. The study, titled The British media and Muslim representation: the ideology of demonisation, argues that Hollywood has a crucial role in influencing how the public views Muslims. This is also no time for peddlers of xenophobia to try to smear all Muslims with a terrorist brush. <CN> Actually, the over-representation of Muslims as terrorists has led to them being stopped and searched, and targeted by agendas like PREVENT disproportionately, not for 'just words' but for just being Muslims. Https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779.
<HS> Our government has allowed this islamic filth: machete attacks, women exploitation, gang rapes, killings. How dare they? <knowl> Investigators in Reutlingen said the Syrian machete attacker knew his victim and the attack was probably to do with their relationship. Because the victims weren't fatally wounded by the machete, investigators surmised that the attackers did not intend to kill them. According to Pakistani human rights groups, thousands of attacks are reported every year, including gang rapes and "honor killings" of women who are accused of having affairs or who refuse an arranged marriage. Gang-related machete attacks in Northern Virginia, involving gang members assaulting those from rival gangs, have been characterized by hacking off victims' fingers. The attackers used sharp weapons and fled the scene immediately, Islam said. <CN> Machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with Islam in general. Bad people are met in every society. Probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
<HS> Our government has allowed this islamic filth: machete attacks, women exploitation, gang rapes, killings. How dare they? <knowl> A number of gang rapes have been reported recently in India, putting pressure on the government to reform legislation around the crime. "This reaction is fairly unique to rape as compared with other crimes. The government doesn't want to link these crimes with environmentalism, Sagót said. In late December, prosecutors ordered raids on the offices of at least 10 NGOs. "The overall picture of sexual assaults, rapes and gang rapes on women is horrendous. <CN> The government has not allowed any crimes. Instead, they are working on it. Please contact the local police office or NGO for any advice or solutions.
<HS> Our government has allowed this islamic filth: machete attacks, women exploitation, gang rapes, killings. How dare they? <knowl> Death to 3 convicts & Life to 1 in #mumbai's Shakti Mills gang rapes. But as dusk fell, the fighters encircled five villages simultaneously, and the gang rapes began. Those mills and luxury goods factories were already under pressure before last falls economic crash. They forced husbands and children to watch as they gang-raped the villagers for four days. News of the most brutal gang rapes in eastern Congo came in August, bringing international outrage. <CN> Are seriously suggesting these things did not happen until we invited people from the Indian sub-continent to come and work in our mills and factories?
<HS> Our government has allowed this islamic filth: machete attacks, women exploitation, gang rapes, killings. How dare they? <knowl> Gang-related machete attacks in Northern Virginia, involving gang members assaulting those from rival gangs, have been characterized by hacking off victims' fingers. "The overall picture of sexual assaults, rapes and gang rapes on women is horrendous. But as dusk fell, the fighters encircled five villages simultaneously, and the gang rapes began. Machete attacks in 2004 and 2005 also led to more federal funding, which Rep. Frank R. Wolf (R-Va.) used to create a regional anti-gang task force. They forced husbands and children to watch as they gang-raped the villagers for four days. <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> Thousands of British girls are raped, enslaved or murdered by Muslims and other non-British immigrants. Woe to thee! <knowl> Hidden among thousands of nondescript murders and cases labeled as domestic violence are a mounting number of killings motivated by a radical and dark interpretation of Islam. Pakistan is behind many other countries when it comes to banning domestic violence. Commissioner Stewart said ice had an "insidious" effect across the whole of society. "They simply didn't know the signs and symptoms of honor-related violence. The shame is on the person who committed the act of violence or abuse. <CN> Do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? We should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
<HS> Thousands of British girls are raped, enslaved or murdered by Muslims and other non-British immigrants. Woe to thee! <knowl> Yet when Muslims are the victims of such crimes, the same sense of outrage is not visible. Since the original enactment of the Hate Crime Statistics Act of 1990, the F.B.I. has updated its reporting methods. Not many data sources log these statistics specifically; the closest data source is the FBI's annual hate crime statistics report. Based on BSA data and interviews with hundreds of British Muslims, it found that they were indeed more socially conservative than other Britons on gender roles in the home, divorce, premarital sex, abortion, homosexuality, and same-sex marriage. That is a dead-end decoy and will lead to nothing but more confusion and chaos in dealing with the root cause of such crimes. <CN> This is a sad statistics. Our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. However, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. Statistics show that there are much more rapists among the natives. After all, they are at home here.
<HS> Thousands of British girls are raped, enslaved or murdered by Muslims and other non-British immigrants. Woe to thee! <knowl> The bottom of each pictures reads, 46 percent of minors who are raped are victims of family members. Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? That statistic is from a 1992 report by the Department of Justice, which found 46% of victims under the age of 12 were assaulted by a family member. "Just last month, Sandusky was found guilty of 45 counts of child sexual abuse ... and will most likely spend the rest of his disgusting life rotting away in prison. Six members of a single Muslim family, the Yamsas, were killed, all of them women and children. <CN> Please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. Girls and children are vulnerable. We should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
<HS> People who criticize Islam and its traits in our country - rape gangs and terrorism - are being banned, but this will not end well. People are driven to the right - the only ones who can openly talk about it! <knowl> We are at war with Russia, which is not only responsible for the occupation of the Caucasus, but also for heinous crimes against Muslims. He is one of the chief apologists for Islam throughout the world. One of them the getaway driver for the brothers surrendered to police yesterday. We are the ones called to answer for the sins of people we detest. What it means: Freedom of speech should only be a protected right for Hollywood hacks. <CN> Right wing is earning popularity by blaming Muslims for crimes, but it does not mean that it is actually true.
<HS> People who criticize Islam and its traits in our country - rape gangs and terrorism - are being banned, but this will not end well. People are driven to the right - the only ones who can openly talk about it! <knowl> "The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam. But an overwhelming majority of Muslims worldwide reject the Qaeda ideology and condemn terrorist attacks. The Taliban represents one brand of Islam; the Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai the polar opposite. They say the Conservatives aren't distinguishing between the overwhelming majority of Muslims, who disavow terrorism, and Islamic extremists. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. <CN> I think people are banned because they create insulting behavior and fear, which should be stopped. Besides, the majority of Muslims who follow Islam are kind people. Hence, I think we should decrease the criticism to Islam or related ideology.
<HS> People who criticize Islam and its traits in our country - rape gangs and terrorism - are being banned, but this will not end well. People are driven to the right - the only ones who can openly talk about it! <knowl> I'm not denying that certain people are bigoted against Muslims as people. To understand it one must go deeper into the Muslim worldview. As "Talking Points" stated last week most Muslims are peaceful people. But only when Muslims perceive America as no longer being an obstacle to their endeavor will they be able to move forward in their discovery. At the same most Muslims want to preserve the Islamic foundations of their society and want their public life to be infused with Islamic principles. <CN> It is true that people are driven to the right, and the right promotes this view. But I did not hear about any people being banned for criticism. Rapism and terrorism are discussed in our society and Muslim society and no one makes anyone silent.
<HS> This is our import for the last 30 years: muslim rapists, halal, corruption, terrorism, polygamy, sharia. Why are we doing this? <knowl> But none of the terror attacks have been committed by Syrian immigrants. So the part of the immigration message that really resonates here is about Muslims from the Middle East. He said Muslims "like us to fawn to them" and "young Muslim men remind me of young Afrikaners. An important alternative to the feeling French question is asking Muslims how they view their integration in Europe. From the Adida et al. paper:Evidence about the assimilation patterns of Muslim immigrants in Western countries is mixed. <CN> That is not true. Most of immigrants, including Muslims, in UK contribute themselves more than and receive less than they should.
<HS> This is our import for the last 30 years: muslim rapists, halal, corruption, terrorism, polygamy, sharia. Why are we doing this? <knowl> "Corruption is like terrorism, even more dangerous than terrorism," said Mahmoud Othman, an independent lawmaker. Australian border security officials have reportedly been corrupted by organised criminals who they are helping to import drugs and tobacco. Corruption charges are being considered again against President Asif Ali Zardari. By 2011, the food import bill was close to $11 billion. Australia has banned the import or export of any lion trophies. <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> This is our import for the last 30 years: muslim rapists, halal, corruption, terrorism, polygamy, sharia. Why are we doing this? <knowl> My family is very diverse and from different backgrounds, and it's important they appreciate all those backgrounds. Singling out Muslim militants when we talk about terrorism in the U.S. adds to the mutual alienation of Muslims and Americans of other backgrounds. Several terrorism cases in recent months have involved American citizens or residents, many from backgrounds that do not fit the expected profile of a jihadist. This ignorance has led to the misperception that Muslims are a threat to American society. "It is an open society which has demonstrated a will that people must be able to come from different backgrounds, believe in different gods or not believe in any god at all. <CN> We also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. You cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. It makes me sad and exhausted to even need to assert, yet again, that the vast majority of Muslims reject jihadi extremism - just as the vast majority of people of any faith reject similar violence done in the name of their faith. In these circumstances, it is important for the majority of Muslims who profoundly disagree with jihad to speak up. And in the real world, the vast majority of U.S. Muslims have no desire to hijack American democracy. Aalso showed that four of the five most radicalized Muslim populations in the world are in countries of French culture. <CN> Given that the vast majority of Muslims live peaceful, normal lives, not fueled by violence, it looks like the problem is in fact with cultures and individual's attitudes.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> Explore the best film, art and music events around the globeWarfare and warrior identity were central to the Viking way of life, contact with other cultures was violent, and looting was commonplace â Vikings were both raiders and traders. Interestingly, the versions we eat are nearly all inspired by other cultures. We don't want to offend other cultures, they quoted her as explaining. Travelers home for the holidays don't have to stop exploring other cultures. Now, a new book explores another cultural export, perhaps with more sinister implications. <CN> How many times have you read their main book? There is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> Unsurprisingly, Chinese media are less interested in showcasing genuine ethnic minority culture than in using portrayals of happy, traditional ethnic minorities as entertainment to boost Han rule. At one acclaimed modern dance company in Beijing, the vast majority of dancers are from ethnic minorities. But another fundamental proposition of the modernisers has been that the party must appeal more to ethnic minorities. Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung said this month that Vietnam must fix the income and other disparities that ethnic minorities face. The purpose of defining ethnic minorities, a process that began in the early 1950s, was to unite China behind the Han Communist leaders. <CN> Stop and search disproportionately targets ethnic minorities, looks to me like institutional racism is fuelling this culture of hate.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> The crisis over the cartoons has often been portrayed as a clash in values between the Muslim and Western worlds, focusing on issues of free expression and respect for other cultures. Throughout these waves, Islamists have competed, fought and outsmarted each other. Lord take us not to task should we forget or err. Egyptians rejected the violent Islamists, while the Brotherhood adhered to nonviolence. "Islamists promise not just piety, but an end to corruption and misrule. <CN> Err, I think you have got this victim thing down quite well.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> Explore the best film, art and music events around the globeWarfare and warrior identity were central to the Viking way of life, contact with other cultures was violent, and looting was commonplace â Vikings were both raiders and traders. Interestingly, the versions we eat are nearly all inspired by other cultures. In, Ethan Watters explores how other cultures confront mental illness, and argues that the spread of American culture poses a threat to our understanding of the human psyche. We don't want to offend other cultures, they quoted her as explaining. Travelers home for the holidays don't have to stop exploring other cultures. <CN> The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> There are many justifications , found in the Qur 'an and sunnah , for the use of ijtihad . The institute does specialise in Islamic art , and many of the reference books have international importance . Justification for using the Sunnah as a source of law can be found in the Qur 'an . He criticized and rejected analogical deductions that were not firmly rooted in the Qur 'an and sunnah . Other Western scholars , relying on exegetical material from Ibn Abbas and Ibn Qutaybah , consider Uzair not to be Uzair but Azariah , mentioned in the Book of Daniel as Abednego . <CN> Violence is actually more common in the Bible than in the Qur'an. (link to Independent article about analysis of both books finding this). That noted, violence exists within and without religion.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> Others insist that religion is the problem or that one tradition -- Islam -- is inherently dangerous and violent. People of many faiths have committed violent acts in the name of religion and issued threats over insults. Muslim extremists who embrace the idea that their faith justifies committing violent acts are, indeed, a problem for Islam. The Shahada may seem a declaration of faith no different from any other to Westerners used to individual freedom of conscience and religion. This new attention to religion is, at its base, predominantly about Islam. <CN> Individuals have always used religion as an excuse to justify violent acts but it has never been the cause. Islam is no different.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> Travelers home for the holidays don't have to stop exploring other cultures. As a multi-racial band our foundation is built upon both diversity and consideration for other cultures. Explore the best film, art and music events around the globeWarfare and warrior identity were central to the Viking way of life, contact with other cultures was violent, and looting was commonplace â Vikings were both raiders and traders. It's part of growing up, you get to a place one day and you feel like you understand what it is to be human and also to be part of a working within the world and participating and trying to find solutions or understanding other humans, other cultures, having respect for other cultures. Readers: Why have we recently become consumed with other cultures' parenting styles? <CN> Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> Waheeb, other activists and victims of the latest wave of attacks blame the police as much as hard-line Islamists for what happened. Blacks were also far more apt than whites to see the country's economic system as stacked against them, and much more worried about being victims of discrimination. At least one other woman is suspected of helping her leave the United States. He denied that in a sermon on Friday, accusing the media of spreading lies, and claiming that last week's clashes were meant to prevent voting on the constitutional referendum. Despite historical flaws, our nation is one of the most (or the most) tolerant of other cultures and religions. <CN> Or maybe they actually ARE the victims of discrimination and biased negative media coverage spreading false stereotypes.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> Western culture, especially Western religion, is not just the product of great thinkers and religious leaders. A Muslim Brotherhood spokesman, Gehad al-Haddad, accused Mr. ElBaradei and other opposition leaders of inciting violence. The book documents her travels through the "torrid zone" across Africa and Asia where Christianity and Islam often clash. Morsi's Brotherhood and hard-line allies claim the Christians played a big part in inciting against the ousted leader. The most virulent persecution rages in the Middle East, where bloodthirsty ISIS militants and other radical Islamists ruthlessly suppress all religious dissent. <CN> Violence is apparent in all religious books. Can Christianity be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> There have been other reports, denied by officials, of violent incidents between Moslem fundamentalists and the authorities in Cairo. Unfortunately, Muslims obey their holy books, not some peace of paper that didn't make it. Tyre has also been the scene of great excitement, though as yet the Moslems have not risen. The fall of Hasbeyia, an American missionary station, would furnish ample material for a book of horrors. The Moslem Prime Minister, Shafik al-Wazzan, and other Moslem officials are opposed to such a move. <CN> From your spiel about 'Moslems' it seems you have not mastered the art of spelling.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> The government, for its part, is saying one thing and doing another. Another great British tradition is respect for other cultures and religions; for centuries we have been doing this far better than many countries in the world. Working in the way they do simply alienates those who ought to be on their side. Violent extremism needs to be rooted out, but we cannot win a war by silencing people. Indeed, there are many complex underlying factors which lead people to commit acts of violent extremism. <CN> There are already Muslim groups working to counter extremism, rather than 'playing the victim', they're the ones doing the work.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> His forthcoming book is Inside the Muslim Brotherhood: Religion, Identity, and Politics (Oxford University Press). Morsi's support, on the other hand, was not as surprising considering the strength and organization of the Muslim Brotherhood. Similar frustrations, if over other issues, play out around the region, in places like Syria, Jordan, Yemen, and among the Palestinians. "After elections are over, the Muslim Brotherhood and Salafists will take everything," said Salafi Muslim Hesham Al Ashry, a tailor in Cairo. Official Anti-Muslim Brotherhoodism: What are we to make of the vilification of the Muslim Brotherhood by so many regimes in the region? <CN> Studies have shown that CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are three times more likely to be offered an interview than those with a Muslim name attached.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> The chief executive of BP said there is "no evidence" that huge amounts of oil are suspended undersea, the Associated Press reports. These statistics are not broken down by the faith of the victim. He was convicted in 2006 of murdering two women, based largely on circumstantial evidence. It seems he has not admitted the extraordinary mass of circumstantial evidence, Mr. Reinares said. They threw huge amounts of money at him, but it just wasn't what he wanted. <CN> Muslim's face huge amounts of discrimination and prejudice everyday the evidence is incontrovertible and yet most just keep going and working hard, its not playing the victim.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> The police need to institutionalise a culture of believing the victim. Indian practice of turning a blind eye and blaming the victim must stop. Dear neighbor â SHAME ON YOU.""This culture of victim blaming makes me sick. You wouldn't blame victims of a mugging that they should have prevented it. The blame for a crime lies not with the victim but with the criminal. <CN> What is that? Sounds like you are blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.
<HS> Islamists / Moslems have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books. <knowl> On the other hand, the effects of certain theories on behaviour can be damaging. In the final analysis though, does belief in conspiracy theories do any real damage? Gold theft aside, is there any truth to the other conspiracy theories being circulated? It has also been shown that terrorist groups use conspiracy theories to recruit and motivate their followers. The vast trial against the suspects resuscitated conspiracy theories about the author of the attacks, with some conservative political activists, media outlets and victims groups claiming that the Basque terrorist group ETA was involved. <CN> Muslims really are the victims of many far-right terrorist and hate-motivated attacks, which are encouraged by conspiracy theories like this. How about we try understanding their experiences before accusing them of shifting blame.
<HS> It is time for us to take Islam for what it is. A murderous cult that should be exterminated, and that is the end of it. <knowl> Hostages released by the group say the younger Bary is among several British men fighting with the murderous cult. "It was the first time I saw mention of the death and carnage our policy is having in the Muslim world," he said. It isn't like the fundamentalist Muslim position on women is new. The war on terror, it seems, produced only a metastasized variety of terror. Ancient monuments in the cities of Nineveh, Palmyra and Hatra are in ruins. <CN> There's more in Islam than death and terror. It has ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
<HS> It is time for us to take Islam for what it is. A murderous cult that should be exterminated, and that is the end of it. <knowl> It is indeed true that Hitler's initial plan was expulsion, not extermination. Hostages released by the group say the younger Bary is among several British men fighting with the murderous cult. Hitler was responsible for the Final Solution extermination of 6 million Jews. The answer is yes : it is the seniority of the SS in private . It is Ataturk in the Nazi Imagination, not Ataturk and the Nazi Imagination. <CN> This feels like a 'Final solution' to me. Are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the UK population? Get a grip.
<HS> It is time for us to take Islam for what it is. A murderous cult that should be exterminated, and that is the end of it. <knowl> It is supported by 1,000 years of Muslim history in which religious freedom was cherished. It is time for our diverse Muslim communities to reclaim our faith from the control of Islamists. It is one of the six basic pillars of faith in Islam. It is difficult to find a specific idea rooted in the Christian historical background of blasphemy in the history of Islam. If it is the religion of peace, why is so much punishment meted out to its own followers? <CN> Has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
<HS> It is time for us to take Islam for what it is. A murderous cult that should be exterminated, and that is the end of it. <knowl> It is their hatred, it's not our hatred, Trump said as Hamid left peacefully. But he must examine his conscience: How is it consistent with religious faith to stir hatred and killing? It is time for all of us, regardless of belief, or nonbelief, to stand together and reject stoking bigotry and hatred in our city with these ads. It is also unfortunate that Geller chooses to frame her message of hatred as one of support for Israel. Hostages released by the group say the younger Bary is among several British men fighting with the murderous cult. <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? Just hatred.
<HS> It is time for us to take Islam for what it is. A murderous cult that should be exterminated, and that is the end of it. <knowl> Still, it is important to note that the problem is not bad people, but bad ideology. The pope said it is often "ideological manipulation of religion sometimes for political ends that is the real catalyst for tension and division and at times even violence in society. Hostages released by the group say the younger Bary is among several British men fighting with the murderous cult. Islamic historians agree that the prophet Muhammad never hit a woman, it is also clear that Muslim communities face a domestic violence problem. <CN> What Islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. Even British people might commit crimes. Extermination is the same action as crime. We should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
<HS> Islam opposes creativity, since all that is needed is the Koran. It is not a religion, but a system of control. <knowl> Issa of the Koran is not the Jesus of the Bible. Of course, her life has been threatened by the Religion of Peace. We must embrace those of all religions (and those of no religion) with respect and compassion. Authentic Islam and the proper reading of the Koran are opposed to every form of violence. So its not just only muslims who use the camouflage of religion to sow seeds of hatred. <CN> Well, apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
<HS> Islam opposes creativity, since all that is needed is the Koran. It is not a religion, but a system of control. <knowl> In its fullest form, it is a complete, total, 100% system of life. In contrast freedom of religion for Jews, Christians and muslims is allowed in Israel. THE defining feature of Islam, its Koran, and it prophet Muhammad is the hatred for the non-muslim. That was a funny and thoughtful satire on "closed systems of thought" in religion and in other human endeavors. Two brothers accused of unleashing terror on Boston, killing four, maiming so many more, and just scarring others for life. <CN> Don't all religions play a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
<HS> The myth is that Islam is an alternative culture, but the truth is that it a barbarism, an ideology similar to Nazism. <knowl> "The impact of social media is probably the last big thing I'll see. ISIS communicates in a variety of ways, using multiple social media accounts and publications through its networks around the world. Asked to provide evidence of her claim, Clinton's campaign pointed to social media experts who have said ISIS supporters are frequently using Trump's remarks to argue Americans hate Muslims. Susan Payton is the Managing Partner of Egg Marketing & Public Relations, an internet marketing firm specializing in blogger outreach, social media, and PR. For some backup of this, you can reference these two articles:Pursue social media as a way to build your own visibility online. <CN> Do you have knowledge of the history of Islam? Do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? I guess not. Then first become an expert and then judge!
<HS> The myth is that Islam is an alternative culture, but the truth is that it a barbarism, an ideology similar to Nazism. <knowl> That's why politics shouldn't involve religion; it pollutes and corrupts religion, religious people, and religious leaders. Nothing is more commonplace than the assertion that religion is a tool of power, which ruling elites use to control the people. This seems a bit extreme, since there was more to Nazism than merely stopping people on the street and demanding their identification documents. Bachmann's gesture, which cost him his leadership, points to a vital factor in the powerful hold of memories of nazism on our culture. As for your views on the topic, nazism is not considered a religion; hence, there will be no referendum on building concentration camps stateside. <CN> No. A religion of 1.6 billion people is not the same as Nazism and it is ignorant to say so.
<HS> The myth is that Islam is an alternative culture, but the truth is that it a barbarism, an ideology similar to Nazism. <knowl> Anything which serves to undermine this certainty is the ultimate "barbaric cultural practice." Now, again to you ignorant ones: the Internet is where the lies become truth and truth becomes myth. Schedule information in Weekend on Friday with a theater review of The Maddening Truth, at the Clurman Theater, misstated the date of the final performance. A 1994 study that interviewed kids who had already discovered the truth about Santa found that they reported predominantly positive reactions about learning the truth. When I heard the words "barbaric cultural practices" fall from the mouth of Conservative candidate Kellie Leitch late last week, I instinctively wanted to pick up the phone. <CN> That is a very serious charge. Could you share how you form this thought and how you receive this information? The truth is that Islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
<HS> A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.) <knowl> Every time somebody in public office references God, there is always the reminder of how easy it would be to become a theocracy. Islamization begins when there are sufficient Muslims in a country to agitate for their religious privileges. Arabic-language Bibles used by Christians in countries such as Egypt and Lebanon use the word Allah for God. The Arabic word has been used by various faiths in this Muslim-majority nation for centuries, and the church argues that it is the only suitable way to denote God in the Malay language. One's belief in "God", one's relationship with God has to be the single most private thing in any one's life. <CN> Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
<HS> A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.) <knowl> In preparation for Eid al-Fitr, the holiday that ends the Muslim religious month of Ramadan, the old man personally fattened a chicken and spent his time thinking about eating it. Her opinion that anyone running for public office should have to publicly declare his or her adherence to Christianity. Tablighi Jamaat participants , in response , argue that both genders should be equally engaged in Tabligh . Sastra was banned in North Sumatra , and the magazine 's offices in Jakarta were attacked . Lawrence Andrew, the editor of The Herald called the Appeals Court decision unrealistic, describing it as a retrograde step in the development of law in relation to the fundamental liberty of religious minorities. <CN> No, a person can be religious and have multiple allegiances and responsibilities.
<HS> A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.) <knowl> Each individual in society should be valued for the gifts and talents that they contribute. This would include any and all extremists who openly advocate or engage in political violence as a means for attaining their ideal society. In the end, the cash and effort of staging such an event will only be seen as a publicity stunt--hollow, or worse, disingenuous. Every faithful Muslim must contribute to the preservation of justice within their society. With their money they formed secret societies, such as Freemasons, Rotary Clubs, the Lions and others in different parts of the world for the purpose of sabotaging societies and achieving Zionist interests. <CN> But that does not at all undermine their contribution to public good and society, his allegiance is his own business.
<HS> A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.) <knowl> There is no love in Islam -- Only fear and hate. Katherine Perks with the African Centre for Justice and Peace Studies said the verdict goes against Sudan's "own constitution and commitments made under regional and international law. I may no longer be Catholic but I can appreciate the call for all of us to work for mutual understanding and promote social justice, moral welfare, peace and freedom. Tell them to bring our troops back so you can all live in peace. Read more on religion, culture and politics at the Berkley Center for Religion, Peace & World Affairs. <CN> Any person of (any) faith would understand that our responsibilities towards tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. If you have faith I am shocked that you would question it.
<HS> A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.) <knowl> Both Christians and Jews believe in only one God - Christians three persons and Islam and Judaism one person. The Arabic word interpreted as "striving" in this verse is the same root as "Jihad". Rather than being concerned by stares and whispered comments, Bahia focuses on preaching tolerance, love and understanding. <CN> Islam shares the same roots as Christianity and Judaism and all are based on love, tolerance and peace, so that is a good thing isn't it.
<HS> A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.) <knowl> In the face of intensifying anti-Muslim sentiment, the most powerful way for Muslims to respond lies in the traditions of humanitarian stewardship and egalitarian values at the foundation of Islamic belief. In Israel, what passes for peace talks has restarted after years of murder and brutality. He would say: Fight in the name of Allah and in the way of Allah. Sunan Ibn-I-Majah: # 2533,2534,2535 in Chapter No. 1 of Book of prescribed punishments. For Muslims it's too much like the child sacrifices of the ancient pagan belief systems. <CN> So their faith and belief in the teachings of God guides them to a virtuous path of public service. What exactly are you complaining about?
<HS> A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.) <knowl> In this they are just the same as many non-religious people, except they believe that ultimate power is metaphysically situated. Indeed, Fry is following in a long tradition of religious polemic, from Job to Blake and beyond. Let those fight in the cause of Allah Who sell the life of this world for the hereafter. They do blaspheme who say: Allah is one of three in a Trinity: for there is no god except One Allah. Fight in the cause of Allah those who fight you, but do not transgress limits; for Allah loveth not transgressors.2.191. <CN> So you are saying that we should only allow non-religious people into public office?
<HS> A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.) <knowl> They do blaspheme who say: Allah is one of three in a Trinity: for there is no god except One Allah. Let those fight in the cause of Allah Who sell the life of this world for the hereafter. Fight in the cause of Allah those who fight you, but do not transgress limits; for Allah loveth not transgressors.2.191. And if any believe not in Allah and His Messenger, We have prepared, for those who reject Allah, a Blazing Fire!48.29. Those who reject (Truth), among the People of the Book and among the Polytheists, will be in Hell-Fire, to dwell therein (for aye). <CN> We are all doing our best for our country under God.
<HS> A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.) <knowl> Opposition lawmaker Ronit Tirosh recently proposed a bill that would require a six-month cooling-off period for journalists seeking election for public office. Sastra was banned in North Sumatra , and the magazine 's offices in Jakarta were attacked . Israel's next elections are scheduled for November 2013, but voting is commonly moved up. In preparation for Eid al-Fitr, the holiday that ends the Muslim religious month of Ramadan, the old man personally fattened a chicken and spent his time thinking about eating it. Â· In Mogadishu, Somali religious leader Abubukar Hassan Malin calls on Muslims to "hunt down" the pope. <CN> Looks like you are suggesting that politicians should not be religious.
<HS> A Muslim's only real allegiance is to Allah (as a comment in relation to election for public office etc.) <knowl> You are the best campaign staff in the history of Presidential politics and I am grateful to each of you for your hard work and friendship. The office returns from summer with a new office assistant , Luke ( Evan Peters ) . Board officials could not immediately say what further reforms are in the works. President-elect Trump has indicated some role for Ivanka and Jared, without offering specifics. Patti Solis Doyle has done an extraordinary job in getting us to this point - within reach of the nomination - and I am enormously grateful for her friendship and her outstanding work. <CN> Are you suggesting we should not be democratic? Or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. Perhaps we should try nepotism?
<HS> If they love Sharia law so much, why do not they go off and live in a Muslim country? <knowl> Sharia law is the reason women in Islamic countries can't drive. Yes, in theory, sharia is the law for Muslims and takes precedence over secular law. However the sharia law applies to all muslims the world over and it is never varied. Those who approve sharia becoming the law of the land generally pray more than their Muslim brethren. Is Sharia law practiced by most Muslims?Saleh Sbenaty: If Sharia law is not imposed in either of the 50 or so majority-Muslim countries. <CN> If you dislike diversity so much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no Muslims, only people like you?
<HS> If they love Sharia law so much, why do not they go off and live in a Muslim country? <knowl> Specifically, the courts shall not consider Sharia Law" or other international laws. Sharia law is unequivocally clear that Muslims who live as minorities in non-Muslim majority communities are required to abide by the law of the land. First, the increased integration of Sharia law would merely sanction and improve upon what is already occurring: western Muslims practicing Sharia law without violating western law. Second, the integration of Sharia law would provide some modicum of equilibrium among Jewish law, Christian law and Islamic law. That is, sharia law is not just a governing law in your personal lives. <CN> Sharia law says to respect the law of the land you are in, seems to me like they're just fine here.
<HS> If they love Sharia law so much, why do not they go off and live in a Muslim country? <knowl> I grew up in Damascus and visited many other Muslim countries. Is Sharia law practiced by most Muslims?Saleh Sbenaty: If Sharia law is not imposed in either of the 50 or so majority-Muslim countries. Sharia law is the reason women in Islamic countries can't drive. Yes, in theory, sharia is the law for Muslims and takes precedence over secular law. Well, here's a bulletin: Unlike many Muslim countries, we have free speech in America. <CN> Because many Muslims were born here and have every right to live in this country. Next question please?
<HS> If they love Sharia law so much, why do not they go off and live in a Muslim country? <knowl> Certain Republican politicians have claimed that American-Muslims want to replace our Constitution and system of law with Sharia. Sharia law is broadly defined as a body of law based on Islam and its central religious text, the Quran. Sharia is a system of law based on the tenets of Islam. Overall, Muslims broadly support the idea of religious freedom, the study states. Qatar: Sharia law in Qatar applies only to Muslims, who can be put to death for extramarital sex, regardless of sexual orientation. <CN> Sharia 'law' does not really correspond to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance from the Quran with many interpretations.
<HS> If they love Sharia law so much, why do not they go off and live in a Muslim country? <knowl> Those who approve sharia becoming the law of the land generally pray more than their Muslim brethren. But both their records are devoid of pushing for Sharia law. Specifically, the courts shall not consider Sharia Law" or other international laws. Sharia is a system of law based on the tenets of Islam. SecondWife caters for Muslim men while Polygamy.com is for all faiths. <CN> Can somebody not love their faith and their country (UK)?
<HS> Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion. <knowl> Religion can play a constructive role in political life, as when it inspires people to speak truth to power. Our religion is Islam and is nothing close to this religion. "He called them a "militant cult masquerading as a religious movement." Of course, her life has been threatened by the Religion of Peace. <CN> How can you say such an offensive statement about a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life?
<HS> Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion. <knowl> "He called them a "militant cult masquerading as a religious movement." This new attention to religion is, at its base, predominantly about Islam. there is freedom of ALL religion, there is not freedom of any religion. Saying that democracy and religion (Islam) can coexist is too general of a statement. On page eight, they switch from the religions to people who follow the religion. <CN> What makes Islam any less valid than any other religion?
<HS> Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion. <knowl> "He called them a "militant cult masquerading as a religious movement." Now Werritty is masquerading in a way that is weird, but mostly harmless. So allowing a mosque for such cult is anti democracy, means you approve of that violent cult. Posted by: AskgharZa | July 30, 2010 6:46 AMReport Offensive CommentIt is not a religion but a cult. There is a wicked ideology in the world - fundamentalist religion. <CN> Mate. Moon cult?? What? Tbh sounds pretty harmless to me.
<HS> Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion. <knowl> "He called them a "militant cult masquerading as a religious movement." There is a wicked ideology in the world - fundamentalist religion. because his allegiance is to allah, the moon god of Arabia. Religion, age, and location were important factors in shaping respondents' views. <CN> Sounds like you think they came from the moon. I have to say, I am sceptical.
<HS> Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion. <knowl> There is no doubt that the work of Nobel Prize winners is impressive, inspiring and, more often than not, very cool. "He called them a "militant cult masquerading as a religious movement." People are not too happy about this year's Nobel Prize winners. So allowing a mosque for such cult is anti democracy, means you approve of that violent cult. One's reaction to the modern cult of Christmas depends on one's view of comparative religion. <CN> Pretty impressive 'cult' to have produced 12 Nobel Prize winners.
<HS> Islam is just a moon cult masquerading as a religion. <knowl> Whilst evolutionary theories of religion have focused on the functionality of prosocial and moral beliefs, our results reveal a darker link between religion and the evolution of modern hierarchical societies. In fact, one could almost say that all three Abrahamic Religions not only criticize but ARE themselves "criticisms" of other religions. But I'm comforted with the memory of that other time, in Detroit, when copies of our holy book withstood the flames of hatred. As a Muslim, because I can't fathom the desecration of my revered holy book. We must embrace those of all religions (and those of no religion) with respect and compassion. <CN> Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
<HS> Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble. <knowl> It is difficult to find a specific idea rooted in the Christian historical background of blasphemy in the history of Islam. He is the author, most recently, of "Surrender: Appeasing Islam, Sacrificing Freedom" (Doubleday, 2009). But it is radical Islam that has become the lightning rod for this fury. It is supported by 1,000 years of Muslim history in which religious freedom was cherished. Rather, it is nested within and shaped by other human dimensions. <CN> Before making judgement, do you understand what Islam and its history are?
<HS> Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble. <knowl> It is run by Dar-us-Salaam, one of the Washington area's most conservative Muslim congregations. While it's true that most Americans are uninformed about religions other than their own, in this case, such ignorance has consequences. These statistics remind us how important it is for students to major in what they enjoy most and what they're best at. EDINA LEKOVIC is the Communication Director of the Muslim Public Affairs Council. The interdisciplinary program, which offers students internship opportunities with corporations, government agencies and law firms, is the most popular major at the liberal arts school. <CN> Religions also promote arts, sciences, and help to develop the community. Islam is not an exception. It is not about death and despair.
<HS> Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble. <knowl> It's not like South park is singling out a religion and bashing it. While it's true that most Americans are uninformed about religions other than their own, in this case, such ignorance has consequences. It is becoming more and more clear that "majority" institutional religions are out of step with where young people want to go. It cannot be affected by anything because God himself is already holy. It is a darn shame that a small minority of a faith can cause so much trouble for the majority of their believers. <CN> Anyone can locate some aspects they do not like in a religion, but to say that one is nothing but trouble is a bit too much, do not you think so?
<HS> Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble. <knowl> While it's true that most Americans are uninformed about religions other than their own, in this case, such ignorance has consequences. Most religions in fact have adherents capable of fundamentalist, violent interpretations. It might save a lot of trouble a few years later on. Food is the cruelest form of addiction, says one of the women this season. It holds freedom of worship sacrosanct: "There shall be no compulsion in religion" (2:257). <CN> How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
<HS> Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble. <knowl> It is the struggle within Arab and Pakistani Sunni Islam over whether and how to embrace modernity, pluralism and women's rights. It is not an accident that several thousand Saudis have joined the Islamic State or that Arab Gulf charities have sent ISIS donations. It might save a lot of trouble a few years later on. The FBI says it is investigating the incident as a terrorist attack, partly because of internet postings that suggest a connection to radical Islam. Because it's going to cause intolerance and what we need is forgiveness. <CN> What makes you think that? Besides, I am sure Islam is more than just trouble.
<HS> Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble. <knowl> April is the cruelest month, if only because it begins with the cruelest and most cringe-inducing holiday. While it's true that most Americans are uninformed about religions other than their own, in this case, such ignorance has consequences. As American Muslims, it is our responsibility, then, to expose this sham, especially when Islam is so prominently featured in our national conversation. Most religions in fact have adherents capable of fundamentalist, violent interpretations. The continued perception that Islam is a violent or unjust religion only leads to division and discord — and fuels the extremists who exploit Islam to justify terrorism. <CN> There are many religions and it is hard to compare them. However, I guess Islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
<HS> Most religions cause death and despair, but Islam is the worst and cruelest of them all, it is nothing but trouble. <knowl> Most religions in fact have adherents capable of fundamentalist, violent interpretations. It is a local landmark, right there in the cemetery of the Basking Ridge Presbyterian Church. It is a heretical act of arrogance to arrogate divinity for oneself or to claim multiple incarnations. It's right there in the Mormon articles of faith that were adapted from Smith's famous Wentworth Letter from 1842. That's why Muslims disagree about what Shariah entails — while believing that it is an important part of their tradition and faith. <CN> Can I suggest that some of the cruelest acts in human history have been committed the name of politics just as much as the various faiths, and that this is more about what it is to be 'human' than any aspect of 'divinity'?
<HS> All versions of Islam have sharia law, thus, they are all extreme. Not all Muslims are engaged in actual violences, but every Muslim knows that jihad is the core of their religion, and they all support it. <knowl> The laws of the god are laws of a megalomaniac and nepotism. The key values of Islamic Sharia are monotheism (Tawhid) and justice (Adl). Sharia is a system of law based on the tenets of Islam. What the United Kingdom does about English law accommodating aspects of Islamic Sharia law is up to the people of the United Kingdom. "There is no blossoming of sharia law in Oklahoma," says Randall Coyne, a professor of constitutional law at the University of Oklahoma College of Law. <CN> Dear friend, first of all, sharia law and Isalam are not extreme. Sharia law is a guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to God and living in kindness and justice with God's creation. Seond of all, jihad, based on the concept of Muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of Islam. All these reveal that Islam is a peaceful religion.
<HS> All versions of Islam have sharia law, thus, they are all extreme. Not all Muslims are engaged in actual violences, but every Muslim knows that jihad is the core of their religion, and they all support it. <knowl> Sharia law has been a part of islam since the beginning. But both their records are devoid of pushing for Sharia law. Who else is the progenitor of these laws that we live by? Under sharia law, converting from Islam to Christianity is punishable by death. Sharia law is the reason women in Islamic countries can't drive. <CN> Don't most religions have instructions for what they deem to be 'righteous living', voluntary codes or laws (if you insist) for the faithful to follow. Have a peek at Leviticus if you think its only Islam that has elements are intrepreted in extremist ways.
<HS> All versions of Islam have sharia law, thus, they are all extreme. Not all Muslims are engaged in actual violences, but every Muslim knows that jihad is the core of their religion, and they all support it. <knowl> No matter if Obama is considered (by Islamic Law) a muslim. But both their records are devoid of pushing for Sharia law. Malaysia has Sharia law for Muslims, but common law for everyone else. Islams objective in America is to replace our Constitution with Sharia law. Concerning freedom of religion: Muslims are not free to choose their religion. <CN> Have you asked every single Muslim about their opinion? I suppose not. Then please do not speak for everybody!
<HS> All versions of Islam have sharia law, thus, they are all extreme. Not all Muslims are engaged in actual violences, but every Muslim knows that jihad is the core of their religion, and they all support it. <knowl> They should instead concentrate on the implementation of sharia law and the spreading of Islam. Tennessee and Louisiana have enacted versions of the law banning use of foreign law under certain circumstances. This was not an application of sharia law; it was an inquiry into the psychology of the defendant. Sharia law differs from country to country, and is a mixture of tribal law, ethnic customs and religious beliefs. The ultimate goal of Islam is not to convert the world but to establish Sharia law over the entire world. <CN> But like any religious concept, 'Jihad' is interpreted in all sorts of ways. Afterall, for Christians, 'Fighting the Good fight' does not have to be a literal instruction. When I was at school, they called this a 'metaphor'.
<HS> All versions of Islam have sharia law, thus, they are all extreme. Not all Muslims are engaged in actual violences, but every Muslim knows that jihad is the core of their religion, and they all support it. <knowl> But both their records are devoid of pushing for Sharia law. Ask two beautiful sisters from Lewisville, Texas about the tolerance of sharia law. What we are attacking is Islam, the religion, and Sharia law, the political system. In their positions of power, they could easily propose legislation calling for Sharia law. What the United Kingdom does about English law accommodating aspects of Islamic Sharia law is up to the people of the United Kingdom. <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> All versions of Islam have sharia law, thus, they are all extreme. Not all Muslims are engaged in actual violences, but every Muslim knows that jihad is the core of their religion, and they all support it. <knowl> "There's no risk of Oklahoma falling under the sway of sharia law or any other law other than American law for that matter. Specifically, the courts shall not consider Sharia Law" or other international laws. What we are attacking is Islam, the religion, and Sharia law, the political system. That is, sharia law is not just a governing law in your personal lives. What the United Kingdom does about English law accommodating aspects of Islamic Sharia law is up to the people of the United Kingdom. <CN> You are looking at Sharia's law from the position of a Western person. For Muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. Please do not impose your opinion on other people!
<HS> A recent poll confirm a thrid of Britons believe there is a 'fundamental clash' between Islam and 'British values'. <knowl> Politicians constantly call for a defense of British values against extremism. It is a misconception that Islam is not compatible with British values. Some of the core principles of Islam are honesty, tolerance, justice, fairness and respect for all people; these are also core British/universal values. Ofsted's inspectors criticised Jamiatul Ummah for failing to develop pupils' understanding of the fundamental British values of democracy, the rule of law, individual liberty and mutual respect and tolerance. British politicians in the last 20 years have increasingly talked about British values and British traditions, about what sets Britons apart from Europeans rather than what they have in common. <CN> Therefore, 62% of Britons see no incompatibility between Islam and 'British values'.
<HS> A recent poll confirm a thrid of Britons believe there is a 'fundamental clash' between Islam and 'British values'. <knowl> Politicians constantly call for a defense of British values against extremism. One recent poll found that British Muslims donate more money to charity than any other religious group. Ofsted's inspectors criticised Jamiatul Ummah for failing to develop pupils' understanding of the fundamental British values of democracy, the rule of law, individual liberty and mutual respect and tolerance. Michael Gove argues that school children should be taught British values. Some of the core principles of Islam are honesty, tolerance, justice, fairness and respect for all people; these are also core British/universal values. <CN> A reassuringly positive poll, despite the negative spin you managed to put on it.
<HS> A recent poll confirm a thrid of Britons believe there is a 'fundamental clash' between Islam and 'British values'. <knowl> Politicians constantly call for a defense of British values against extremism. School curriculums should be rewritten to include more specific teaching of British values, such as tolerance, democracy and free speech. Ofsted's inspectors criticised Jamiatul Ummah for failing to develop pupils' understanding of the fundamental British values of democracy, the rule of law, individual liberty and mutual respect and tolerance. Some of the core principles of Islam are honesty, tolerance, justice, fairness and respect for all people; these are also core British/universal values. All schools will continue to play an important role in promoting the fundamental British values of mutual respect and tolerance for those of all backgrounds and faiths. <CN> Did anyone identify what 'British values' are, or are we all still just making it up as we go along. I am still holding out for 'Religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
<HS> Hijab means Islam, Islam means woman and child oppression, rapism, intolerance, chauvinism. I do not like hijab and everything else that follows! <knowl> Actual Muslim women, on the other hand, were not universally stoked by the high-fashion hijabs. [I think Muslim women] should wear the hijab but Islam is not the only religion in Raqqa. Comprehensive data on the effect of discrimination and hate crimes targeting Muslim women are hard to find. Souheila Al-Jadda, 39, an editor at The Islamic Monthly, said Muslim women are under more scrutiny on social media. Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. <CN> Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
<HS> Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity. <knowl> We need to have less faith in humanity and more faith in ourselves. The real conflict is between the value of human life and material wealth. At the same time, critics of religion must refrain from simplistic generalizations about people of faith. It is a fallacy to believe that people of faith derive their values primarily from their Scriptures. Bahá 'u'lláh wrote of the need for world government in this age of humanity 's collective life . <CN> No. A faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
<HS> Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity. <knowl> The mere presence of other people can evoke stereotype threat . In the long run , the chronic experience of stereotype threat may lead individuals to with the stereotyped group . Decreased performance is the most recognized consequence of stereotype threat . Descriptions of stereotypical Black behavior are more likely to be attributed to photographs of individuals who appear to be more Afrocentric . Importantly , none of the three unpublished dissertations showed a stereotype threat effect . <CN> Imho the stain is from those individuals who love to stereotype, discriminate and dehumanise groups of people.
<HS> Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity. <knowl> Humanity must unite against enemies of humanityÂ #ParisAttacksÂ #ThisIsNotIslam," she tweeted. NOT, at what point in time that development has HUMANITY as we know it and is deserving of rights. It's simply not the nature of humanity, the natural bend of justice. It is a history of Western self-glorification in confrontations with Eastern powers. Because a fertilized, not implanted egg, is ALSO a stage of human development. <CN> Without Islam and it is scholars, humanity would not have Maths, Science, or any of the other areas of knowledge that colonisers stole, claimed as their own then based western development on.
<HS> Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity. <knowl> They are people who have spent their political lives championing policies which would destroy the NHS as we know it. If you find a way of making doctors' lives easier they will pull the thing as quickly as they can. Secretary Jeremy Hunt has angered junior doctors with repeated references to higher death rates for patients in NHS hospitals at weekends. Yet doctors and scientists who leave the NHS or public sector research institutes for Big Pharma are sometimes said to have moved to the dark side. Ms Abbott urged Mr Hunt to reopen negotiations with junior doctors. <CN> 26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British/Asian. Seems like the 'stain' is saving our lives.
<HS> Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity. <knowl> Thus, compassion for humanity and interaction with humanity melts away fear of one another. Credit his persona from the movies, where he tends to play extremely nasty characters. Everywhere, that is, except Europe - and, even in Europe, far-right extremism has been held at bay until now. We have billions of educated and literate brains on the planet; and we have the concept of universal and inalienable human rights. A North Korea envoy drew laughter at a United Nations human rights meeting Friday in Geneva when he told diplomats to "mind your own business" during a vote to hold his country responsible for crimes against humanity. <CN> Far right extremism is just a nasty stain on humanity.
<HS> Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity. <knowl> On The Biggest Impact Of The Giving Pledge","twitter":"David Rubenstein On The Biggest Impact Of The Giving Pledge"}Changing The Debate On Traditional Vs. {"generic":"Reinventing American Public Education","twitter":"Reinventing American Public Education"}Behind Yunus & The Global University{"generic":"Muhammad Yunus & The Global University","twitter":"Muhammad Yunus & The Global University"}The World's Youngest Brewery Owner{"generic":"The World's Youngest Brewery Yousafzai's Lifelong Campaign For Girls' Education{"generic":"Malala <CN> Islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. Muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. Which of those would you like to get rid of?
<HS> Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity. <knowl> Legal experts and some human-rights advocates have questioned the court's ability to effectively prosecute immensely complex charges such as genocide and crimes against humanity. I believe that every human being of any faith or of no faith has the fundamental human right to believe or not believe as they wish. Thus, compassion for humanity and interaction with humanity melts away fear of one another. She was among human rights activists who have met with the International Criminal Court's prosecutor, Luis Moreno-Ocampo, encouraging at least a preliminary investigation of human rights abuses on all sides. Love and unity are, and will always be, far more potent and central to human nature than hate. <CN> I would not say the many Muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. Generalised hate like this, however, is.
<HS> Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity. <knowl> But I can still raise my voice against words of hatred. They persecute their minorities, spawn terrorists, sabotage development and hate the rest of humanity. It is then that whatever sliver of hope I have in humanity is restored. These acts of hatred are not individual tragedies but for all of us as Americans. There is simply the desire to paint an entire religion as the enemy, he said. <CN> Hatred generalised to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of humanity.
<HS> Islam is just a nasty stain on humanity. <knowl> Please provide data to support your blanket accusation of Muslim societies. Groups like al-fatiha help gay and lesbian Muslims in the West. But they also throw light on the character of British society today. The tie that binds: in all these cases, those denied travel were British Muslims. In fact some of the more radical elements of British society are British-born. <CN> British Muslims give more to charity than any other religious group, I'd call that a pillar of our society.
<HS> A recent YouGov survey shows that Westerners view islam less favourably than other religions, deeming it incompatible with Western values. <knowl> In a recent YouGov survey, one-fifth of the 760 firms surveyed spent more than £250,000 each year. In a more recent YouGov poll, 58 percent of Americans viewed Islam unfavorably, just 17 percent viewed it favorably. Many Westerners do blame this form of terrorism on Islam and claim that we are in an epic clash of civilization, opposing the medievalism of Islam and Western enlightenment. It preached that divine revelation could be found in other religions and so practiced tolerance in the lands that it conquered -- a kind of Islamic multiculturalism. On the one hand, Westerners want Islam to adapt and assimilate, to moderate in some sense, to leave behind the lure of conquest, the pull of violent jihad. <CN> The horrors of Daish aside, its hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of Islam proliferating in both online and offline media. A bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really.
<HS> A recent YouGov survey shows that Westerners view islam less favourably than other religions, deeming it incompatible with Western values. <knowl> In a recent YouGov survey, one-fifth of the 760 firms surveyed spent more than £250,000 each year. Islam is no better, and no worse, than any other primitive system of irrational beliefs. It preached that divine revelation could be found in other religions and so practiced tolerance in the lands that it conquered -- a kind of Islamic multiculturalism. 8, 2014BILL MAHER's recent rant against Islam has set off a fierce debate about the problem of religious violence, particularly when it comes to Islam. "His remarks underscore a larger problem: Americans' apathy and lack of information on the true teachings of Islam — and the willingness to form negative opinions despite both. <CN> I suppose we have to look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of Islam.
<HS> A recent YouGov survey shows that Westerners view islam less favourably than other religions, deeming it incompatible with Western values. <knowl> Westerners could then once again treat Islam as they do other religions - freely, to criticize without fear. In a recent YouGov survey, one-fifth of the 760 firms surveyed spent more than £250,000 each year. In a more recent YouGov poll, 58 percent of Americans viewed Islam unfavorably, just 17 percent viewed it favorably. Opposition to Islamic centers and mosques in the United States shows remarkable similarities to anti-Islamic movements in Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands, where people also have sought to prohibit new mosques. Pope Benedict's recent baptism of a well-known Italian Muslim has prompted criticism in much of the Islamic world. <CN> Isn't this the result of the conflation of the the 'actions' of some people professing a faith in Islam, with the religion itself. In Christian terms, this would be like judging Catholicism on the basis of the behaviour of a handful of the clergy.
<HS> He has found a person who publicly critisizes Islam and muslim radicalism, as all western people hate Islam. <knowl> The present issue is Muslim radicalism and how to attack it. Remember that those standing up to Muslim fanatics are mostly Muslims. Many of the leading reformers of Islam were once muslims themselves. As "Talking Points" stated last week most Muslims are peaceful people. the images of those Muslim youths who go kill innocent people after reciting Koran, as it will the horrible destruction such things caused. <CN> Muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all Muslims is another thing. It is not right to generalize about all the Muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
<HS> He has found a person who publicly critisizes Islam and muslim radicalism, as all western people hate Islam. <knowl> The present issue is Muslim radicalism and how to attack it. As "Talking Points" stated last week most Muslims are peaceful people. Rep. Peter King reveals why he called highly controversial hearings on Muslim radicalism. Over the past decade, though, people have become less rude with their phones. I'm not denying that certain people are bigoted against Muslims as people. <CN> Who are 'all'? You cannot decide for all people, you cannot decide what is my opinion, that is rude.
<HS> He has found a person who publicly critisizes Islam and muslim radicalism, as all western people hate Islam. <knowl> The present issue is Muslim radicalism and how to attack it. He grew up Roman Catholic but had many Muslim friends at school. In some predominantly Muslim areas, even non-Muslims observe Ramadan, the Muslim holy month that requires fasting during the day, because they like the group effect, the festive side of it, said Samir Amghar, a sociologist and an expert on radical Islam in Europe. Her report, Unveiling the Truth: Why 32 Muslim Women Wear the Full-Face Veil in France, was released Monday. Every year about 150 Muslim conversion ceremonies are performed in the snow-white structure of the Sahaba mosque in Créteil, with its intricate mosaics and a stunning 81-foot minaret, built in 2008 and a symbol of Islam's growing presence in France. <CN> My friend, I do not think all western people hate Islam. Statistics showed that France, Germany and elsewhere in Northern Europe view Muslims favorably.
<HS> He has found a person who publicly critisizes Islam and muslim radicalism, as all western people hate Islam. <knowl> Today, nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are Muslim. In Russia, some Muslims want to create a more positive image of Islam. Benazir Bhutto, a "moderate" Muslim gave her life for her vision of moderate Islam. Sure, the Islamic faith forbids murder, but there's a small but significant minority of Muslims murdering people in terrible ways, and in Islam's name. In the song below, Muslim hip hop groupexpresses their frustration with the negative media coverage of Islamic culture. <CN> I think that is a stereotype mainly as a result of people know little about Islam and Muslims.
<HS> He has found a person who publicly critisizes Islam and muslim radicalism, as all western people hate Islam. <knowl> The evidence that first or second generation Muslims constitute a veritable fifth column and pose an existential threat to Western civilization and Western people is overwhelming. The present issue is Muslim radicalism and how to attack it. Rep. Peter King reveals why he called highly controversial hearings on Muslim radicalism. Many Muslim community leaders have sought to distance themselves from the Tsarnaevs in light of reports that Tamerlan Tsarnaev might have been influenced by radical Islam. Rep. Peter King (R-NY) reveals the reasons why he called highly controversial hearings on Muslim radicalism. <CN> I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> The protest, despite instances of hate speech and stepping on the Koran, was peaceful. You can preach to me the loving peace of this religion. He closed his speech by citing passages endorsing peace from Christian, Jewish and Islamic scripture. This crusade against "offensive speech" and "hate speech" is imperiling the free speech of EVERY American. Because, as she puts it, The solution to escalating violence and hate speech is not more hate speech. <CN> Mate, you know Islam means peace. I do not really think a religion born from peace preaches hate speech.
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> Hate speech, legal authorities agree, involves words directed against a category of persons. The protest, despite instances of hate speech and stepping on the Koran, was peaceful. Democracies like Britain, France, Germany, Denmark, Canada and New Zealand all prohibit hate speech of various kinds. The decision will help establish where free speech crosses the line into hate speech in one of Africa's most democratic countries. Last night, I opined that hate speech is a violent act because it incites people to harm the target of the speech. <CN> Is it the compulsory acts of charity? Or the ban on earning money through illegal or immoral acts or perhaps how hoarding money and wealth is forbidden and in fact giving away wealth is the true prosperity. Just which of those are you worried about?
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> If hate speech can beget hate crimes, though, so can counter-speech. Not all speech that offends or degrades is willful hate speech. Because, as she puts it, The solution to escalating violence and hate speech is not more hate speech. No one is talking about "hate speech," except for those who believe that conservatives are already guilty of "hate speech. The protest, despite instances of hate speech and stepping on the Koran, was peaceful. <CN> When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> Hate speech, legal authorities agree, involves words directed against a category of persons. The protest, despite instances of hate speech and stepping on the Koran, was peaceful. Merkel was named Time magazine's 2015 Person of the Year, largely due to her acceptance of nearly a million mostly Muslim asylum seekers. Wansbrough insisted that the text of the Koran appeared to be a composite of different voices or texts compiled over dozens if not hundreds of years. Mr. Wilders famously compared the Koran, the holy book of Islam, to Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf. <CN> A book published thousands of years ago does not fit with today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? Shocking!
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> If hate speech can beget hate crimes, though, so can counter-speech. Some experts including Harvard's Susan Benesch have proposed renaming certain kinds of hate speech as dangerous speech. Because, as she puts it, The solution to escalating violence and hate speech is not more hate speech. Not all speech that offends or degrades is willful hate speech. Hate speech is pretty much always prohibited, unless you're posting about hate speech to challenge ideas, institutions, and practices. <CN> The real problem here is the amount of Islamophobic hate speech that Muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. That is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> The protest, despite instances of hate speech and stepping on the Koran, was peaceful. One must understand the Koran according to Prophet Muhammad's understanding and practice. Hate speech, legal authorities agree, involves words directed against a category of persons. "An apology for America's values is never the right course, Romney said. The recent terror attacks have reminded us of the urgent need to address illegal online hate speech, Vĕra Jourová, EU Commissioner for Justice, Consumers and Gender Equality, said in a joint statement from the European Commission and the participating companies. <CN> Turns out texts that predate modern civilization often do not hold up to today's standards for tolerance and equality. Shocking!
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. The hypocrisy of calling Islam the religion of peace is not wasted upon us. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. No religion condones the killing of innocents, and the vast majority of ISIL's victims have been Muslim. No religion condones the killing of innocents and the vast majority of ISIL's victims have been Muslim. <CN> Any religious text can be interpreted in many ways. Fortunately, the vast majority of Muslims see Islam as a religion of peace. There are people that interpret the Bible, the Torah, etc. As inciting hate too.
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> If hate speech can beget hate crimes, though, so can counter-speech. Because, as she puts it, The solution to escalating violence and hate speech is not more hate speech. Not all speech that offends or degrades is willful hate speech. Hate speech is pretty much always prohibited, unless you're posting about hate speech to challenge ideas, institutions, and practices. <CN> Have you really read Quran? Actually Quran is not about hate speech. It teaches people to respect people and do good things.
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> These returnees from exile formed a resilient religion, Judaism, that has survived thousands of years. making the top 10.The Old Testament remains as a source of inspiration for parents today. The same scholars also say that many of the atheists' claims about religious texts have been widely disputed. Many passages in all forms of religious texts are outdated and are considered criminal if carried out in today's time, but are still discussed as part of the faith. ♪ and nine times a week, every week, thousands of people come from across the country to watch their favorite bible stories come alive. <CN> If any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. Have you read the Bible's old testament?
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> The Holy Koran (55:61) teaches us that the recompense of goodness is nothing but goodness. Instead of spreading the Quran's message of peace, they are spreading their own message of hatred — just as Jones has twisted the Bible's teachings of peace into a message of hatred. I have also asked several Q's about Koran and its teachings, and why some "Muslim youth" behave differently from "most Muslims." What IS an appropriate way to protest the ideas in the Koran that we find abhorent?Akbar Ahmed: I would suggest you read the Quran. There is no love in Islam -- Only fear and hate. <CN> How often have you read the Quran and thought about its teachings? Or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? We all know there are exerts like that in the Bible too.
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> A society in which St. Paul's letters are considered hate speech is one with no place for traditional Christians. Then, as expected, AP simply wrote stories about the academic's rant. But punishing all hateful speech - as South Africa and Japan are considering - will neither prevent nor undo the harm it causes. The protest, despite instances of hate speech and stepping on the Koran, was peaceful. The Greek war of independence became a rallying call for Christian Europe against Islamic Turkey. <CN> Just as much as the Bible would. Is your point that in today's society we are all more tolerant? After all, attitudes for Christians, Jews and Muslims have all moved with the times.
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> The protest, despite instances of hate speech and stepping on the Koran, was peaceful. Hate pastor Terry Jones' Koran burning is "one hundred" percent off. The issue of hate speech legislation is, in my view, a difficult one. Hate speech, legal authorities agree, involves words directed against a category of persons. We must stop hate speech now, Morooka said, so we don't repeat history. <CN> I think any book written that long ago probably would.
<HS> If the Koran was published today it would be banned as hate speech. <knowl> Hate speech, legal authorities agree, involves words directed against a category of persons. The protest, despite instances of hate speech and stepping on the Koran, was peaceful. He said the hallmarks of groups like Boko Haram are indoctrination, forced conversions, and kidnapping children. Much good is done in the name of religion and there are many wonderful, intelligent and honorable people who are believers. "Muslims also share suspicion of their own people in their homelands. <CN> In fact at no point does the Quran tell people to Hate or kill others. There are a lot of lies and out of context quotes floating around. It does however instruct people to behave justly towards non believers and prevents forced conversion.
<HS> There can never be peace wherever there is Islam. <knowl> "The world has become less peaceful over the last year, mainly due to a rise in terrorist activity, the number of conflicts fought and the number of refugees and displaced people." According to Steve Killelea, founder of the Institute for Economics and Peace: If we took the Middle East out of the index over the last decade - and last year - the world would have become more peaceful. The rankings are drawn up by the Institute for Economics and Peace, an international think-tank that also issues a yearly Global Peace Index. By contrast, only ("only") 107,000 people have been killed in global terrorist incidents since 2000, according to the Institute for Economics and Peace. The Global Peace Index has measured unrest and conflict throughout the world for the past eight years and have said recent assessments show a declining trend. <CN> According to the Institute for Economics and Peace, a think tank which has produced the Global Peace index for the past 10 years, only Botswana, Chile, Costa Rica, Japan, Mauritius, Panama, Qatar, Switzerland, Uruguay and Vietnam are free from conflict. Qatar has a sizable number of followers of Islam apparently.
<HS> There can never be peace wherever there is Islam. <knowl> Islamization begins when there are sufficient Muslims in a country to agitate for their religious privileges. Islamization occurs when there are sufficient Muslims in a country to agitate for their so-called "religious rights. The Nordic Council has five countries: Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden. Iran, on the other hand, is an overwhelmingly Shiite Muslim country. Denmark was in third place last year, behind Switzerland and Iceland. <CN> Iceland and Switzerland are both named as countries at the top of the 'Global Peace index'. Both have Muslim populations.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> if global trading stopped that would have an enormous impact on western society, global society . . Many whimsical questions, as I've mentioned, are posed in Western Society. And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. That was Bill Maher and Dinesh D'Souza last Friday talking about western society and radical Islam. And suddenly Western Society turns out to be about projection in much more than a technological sense. <CN> By Western society do you mean your narrow view of what Western society should be?
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> There is, in other words, no such thing as a monolithic Muslim worldview. In my school, there has been great controversy over a lack of social diversity. "He said he was concerned the decision could have reverberations in other European countries. Islam as an entire religion is responsible, they cry: it is incompatible with western values. One of the biggest obstacles we face is the cost of real estate in diverse neighborhoods. <CN> The WE in WEstern symbolizes diversity and integration, be a true Westerner, respect others!!
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. True, but at the moment big companies are losing out to startups created by young, entrepreneurial Muslims who've spotted the gap in the market. The United Methodist Church, for example, formally considers homosexuality incompatible with Christian doctrine. Democrats, [on the other hand], espouse liberal values which are incompatible with Islam. A donor and candidate can also be incompatible if the candidate has developed antibodies from a previous blood transfusion, pregnancy or transplant that will attack a new kidney. <CN> Western Society seems pretty incompatible with Western Society or any other at the moment, maybe we could learn something from Indonesia, which has been conflict free since 2005.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> Islam as an entire religion is responsible, they cry: it is incompatible with western values. And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. "Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam. To suggest that it's incompatible to be Western and to be Muslim is, I think, really, really risky, Khan said during a visit to a London elementary school. It also ignores the fact that the number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies is quite low. <CN> Why are you so sure of this? Muslims happily live in other Western societies without any problems.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> "These individuals are part of Western society, and their 'Canadianness' makes detection more difficult. Rutte's government had depended on the support of Geert Wilders' Party for Freedom, which came in third in parliamentary elections two years ago. if global trading stopped that would have an enormous impact on western society, global society . . We will mixed with intricate fabric of the Western society but still will remember to Jihad when time comes. <CN> I do not think it is possible for a group that has been a part of Western society for hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. Are you sure it is not Western society's intolerance that is the problem?
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> "Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam. Donald Trump and those around him think that western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam -- London has proved him wrong. Islam is not compatible with our society, our country, our laws," he said. Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam—London has proved him wrong, he said in a statement. And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. <CN> Perhaps we should stop exporting goods or buying stuff from Islamic countries? While we're at it give back their numbers, maths and architecture?
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. "Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam. Donald Trump and those around him think that western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam -- London has proved him wrong. Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam—London has proved him wrong, he said in a statement. "We've always had a non-discriminatory immigration program in this country which has produced the most successful multi-ethnic society in the world," he told Sky News on Wednesday. <CN> What do you mean? Provide positive news story re islam.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> Unfortunately, elements of European society are reacting as the Islamic State desires. One must think hard about the consequence of declaring Jewish rituals "incompatible" with standards of European life. The Islamic Society of Central Queensland extended an interview to Ms Hanson during a radio interview. A violent attack against Jews in the heart of Europe does not happen in a vacuum. "Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam. <CN> No, Muslims have a long history of migration since the 16th century to and within Europe, integrating with little issues in various European societies.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> America in particular and civilized western society must finally say, enough and be done with it. If non-Islamist Muslims seek respect in western societies then they should stand up to the Islamists. If non-Islamist Muslims seek respect in western societies then they should stand up to the Islamist. Science and faith are fundamentally incompatible, and for precisely the same reason that irrationality and rationality are incompatible. One cartoon showed rolls of toilet paper marked Bible, Torah and Quran, and the explanation: In the toilet, all religions. <CN> The Bible, the Quran and the Torah are very very similar in their teachings; if Muslims are incompatible then we must ask ourselves which religions are compatible?
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> In 2011, Gallup found that 56 percent of French Muslims felt Western societies "respected" Muslim societies. "Oriental societies" were represented as simply the negative counterpart of Western societies. In both Muslim and Western societies the veil worn by Muslim women has long aroused deep passions, misunderstandings and plenty of heated debates. Seeing herself as a citizen of both East and West, El-Tantawy believes there is a widespread misconception in western society about the Muslim veil. In Europe right now, those speaking most ardently for God tend to be Muslims. <CN> Did you know that Muslims introduced universities to Europe? So the knowledge Western societies are built on.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> It's one of the core personal freedoms enshrined in the First Amendment. Islam as an entire religion is responsible, they cry: it is incompatible with western values. Since 9/11, fringe and mainstream politicians in Europe and America have spoken of Islam as incompatible with Western values. And he affirmed Western values of democracy, human rights, religious freedom and women's right to self-determination -- all while making Muslims feel complimented, appreciated and understood. The goal is to educate a new generation of imams and school teachers for Islamic religious instructions who believe and teach that western values and Islam are compatible. <CN> Islam's teachings uphold religious and personal freedoms, are these the Western values you mean?
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> if global trading stopped that would have an enormous impact on western society, global society . . It also ignores the fact that the number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies is quite low. Many Muslims believed they'd be targets of discrimination and prejudice due to the gunman at the siege being Muslim. In both Muslim and Western societies the veil worn by Muslim women has long aroused deep passions, misunderstandings and plenty of heated debates. Correction: February 19, 2015 A picture caption that appeared with an earlier version of this review misidentified the actor performing in Western Society. <CN> I think maybe prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with any Western society.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> Recently the debate about abortion bills has come to resemble the Monty Python sketch about the Tax on Thingy. One year we performed the Monty Python sketch 'How Do You Tell A Witch' on the class camping trip. It might sound like something out of a Monty Python sketch, but Comet the Dog is not dead yet. It was surreal, the kind of performance that would generate a hearty laugh if it were part of a Monty Python sketch. Mr. Mitchell having a dead parrot that he believes to still be alive is a reference to the " Dead Parrot " Monty Python sketch . <CN> Except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> "Islam is a religion that is totally incompatible with Western free society. "Religion and science are not necessarily incompatible, nor does the holding of religious beliefs negate one's belief in the benefits and wonders of science. The central issue of this case was whether the federal government can coerce Americans to violate their deeply held religious beliefs. "We can't have people in government who ignore the facts because it doesn't jibe with their personal religious beliefs. Ginsburg argued that it could prompt employers to refuse to follow any law that they judge incompatible with their sincerely held religious beliefs. <CN> Intolerance of other people's religious beliefs is incompatible with Western society.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> Sophie Anderton, 26, LondonI think it is unacceptable to refuse to aid these vulnerable children. Kate Swinden, 61, BridlingtonThese are innocent children whose lives have been torn apart by war. The modernist is proud of Islam and yet able to live comfortably in, and contribute to, Western society. Thomas O'Connor, 31, LondonIt's truly shocking that members of a civilised society can abandon 3,000 children to their fate. They believed their contribution to the war effort had helped create a society that genuinely cared for people and protected the most vulnerable. <CN> Except the ones who save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> Do you believe a high society Saudi woman would be allowed to marry a dark skinned muslim from, say India? Muslims now living the West should consider moving to one of these cultural paradises instead of struggling to change western society so they can be comfortable. Will Washington Post provide an opportunity to the ex-muslims why they quit being muslims. More isolationist and militant Muslims tend to associate Western countries and societies with kufr, unbelief, and look upon its citizens as unbelievers to be avoided, converted or attacked. To suggest that it's incompatible to be Western and to be Muslim is, I think, really, really risky, Khan said during a visit to a London elementary school. <CN> That is an unusual thought. Muslims are human beings like the rest of us. And, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should the need arise.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> The law seeks to advance the institution of monogamous marriage, a fundamental value in Western society from the earliest of times, Justice Bauman wrote. "Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam. The purest practice of Islam is one in which Muslims have complete freedom to accept or reject any of the tenants or laws of the faith. Such open rejection of democratic values would be taken as political bravery, as a signal of sincerity. This monolithic, negative portrayal provides a skewed image of Islam and Muslims. <CN> Complete freedom, justice and democratic values. The values at the heart of Islamic faith. I think they seem reasonable.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> Elsanousi is National Community Outreach Director of the Islamic Society of North America. Muslims are peaceful and tolerant people and have nothing whatsoever to do with terrorism. Islam as an entire religion is responsible, they cry: it is incompatible with western values. "And the Al Qaeda organization is not an organization of good, an organization of peace. Senator Roberts said Islam was a political ideology , a way of life, a legal system that was incompatible with Australia's secular system and was not a religion of peace. <CN> Yes, their teachings of peace and tolerance really are incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory Western society nowadays.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> Islam, as practiced by the vast majority of people, is a peaceful religion, a religion that respects others. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderate, are peaceful and are tolerant. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. While a spirit of integration and tolerance is central to the beliefs of the vast majority of Muslims, a radical, well-funded Islamist minority rejects tolerance, democracy and women's rights. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. <CN> What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> "These individuals are part of Western society, and their 'Canadianness' makes detection more difficult. Al Qaeda's model of rejecting all Western influences in favor of purely traditional society garners little support. It also ignores the fact that the number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies is quite low. Globalization, the shaking up of continents, the ease of travel, and the doors for immigration flung wide open by Western liberal societies have given Qutb's worldview greater power and relevance. In both Muslim and Western societies the veil worn by Muslim women has long aroused deep passions, misunderstandings and plenty of heated debates. <CN> Muslims have been part of Western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design Western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> Many Westerners see Muslim women's headcover as a kind of oppression. There is nothing incompatible between being a Muslim and being a successful, wealthy merchant. "Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam. In another case, Muslims living in Western societies usually can only purchase homes through interest-bearing loans. Donald Trump and those around him think that western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam -- London has proved him wrong. <CN> All Muslims must respect the law of the lands in which they live as is mandated by the Qu'ran.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. "Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam. Donald Trump and those around him think that western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam -- London has proved him wrong. Your discriminatory statements are incompatible with the values that we are taught and we teach at Wharton, and we express our unwavering commitment to an open and inclusive American society. Why must a modern urban lifestyle have to be incompatible with good spelling? <CN> Maybe prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any Western society?
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> They are being advised by people who hate Muslims and Islam .... Islam as an entire religion is responsible, they cry: it is incompatible with western values. And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. "Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam. What is most frightening is that, under the guise of patriotism, these people in the public spotlight are committing hate crimes. <CN> All people who share such blatant lies and hate are incompatible with any Western society.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> if global trading stopped that would have an enormous impact on western society, global society . . Many whimsical questions, as I've mentioned, are posed in Western Society. And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. And suddenly Western Society turns out to be about projection in much more than a technological sense. We will mixed with intricate fabric of the Western society but still will remember to Jihad when time comes. <CN> Seems odd given that Western Society was built on the backs of the rest of the world.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> In 2011, Gallup found that 56 percent of French Muslims felt Western societies "respected" Muslim societies. And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. "Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam. In another case, Muslims living in Western societies usually can only purchase homes through interest-bearing loans. It also ignores the fact that the number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies is quite low. <CN> Except all of those which live and add to Western Societies.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. This process took a long time in Western societies to become today's accepted nature of great tolerance and coexistence. Moreover, the early framers developed Islamic law in and for Islamic empires and societies, not for Muslims living permanently in non-Muslim societies. In both Muslim and Western societies the veil worn by Muslim women has long aroused deep passions, misunderstandings and plenty of heated debates. Seeing herself as a citizen of both East and West, El-Tantawy believes there is a widespread misconception in western society about the Muslim veil. <CN> Who chooses who is and is not compatible with a place / society?
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> It is a failed society, I am stretching the word society. "Islam is a religion that is totally incompatible with Western free society. Note that loyalty to religion does not equate to loyalty (fealty) to God. No other religion can exist because their God is the one true god. No religion is the true religion because there is not only one God, if any. <CN> Muslims must show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to God.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> "The problem is that it only takes one or two," Fishman said. And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. "Donald Trump and those around him think that Western liberal values are incompatible with mainstream Islam. Science nibbles at religion from the other end, relentlessly consuming divine explanations and replacing them with material ones. No, the incompatibility between science and faith is more fundamental: Their ways of understanding the universe are irreconcilable. <CN> Really? Even the surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our NHS going? Those that keep public transport running, working families fed with take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> Pope is a respected personality not only for Christians but for Muslims also. For them, any suggestion that being Muslim is incompatible with being American is disturbing. Editor's Note: Qasim Rashid is a national spokesperson for the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community USA. He said: "The Pope is a respected personality not only for Christians but for Muslims also. And that ultimately western society will always have the monopoly on what is fashionable and relevant. <CN> All Muslims? That is a bit of an exaggeration I would say. Do not blame an entire community for actions of a few.
<HS> All Muslims are incompatible with any Western society. <knowl> Al Qaeda's model of rejecting all Western influences in favor of purely traditional society garners little support. The pope criticised the growingsecularisation of Western societyThe pope's statements amounted to "the pursuit of Crusades", he said. Denounces racial intolerance in any form as incompatible with the kind of society we are and want to be. Anthropologist Ruth Mandel of University College London, author of Cosmopolitan Anxieties, says the proposed bans are a stand-in for a deeper concern. Muslims, it seemed, underestimated the pluralism of Western society and with an overactive historical imagination had strung together various elements - each with their own good explanation - into a paranoia-tinged narrative of American hostility to Islam. <CN> Muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
<HS> The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is. <knowl> I am APPALLED at the people who profess to faith in God, their ignorant accusations against the Muslim population in America. "He serves to legitimize Islamaphobic in the left which is one of the unfortunate byproducts of his intolerance of Islam and Muslims. One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. They are in great danger, while Islam is clear about their deeds. The study found that more than 300 million Muslims, or one-fifth of the Muslim population, live in countries where Islam is not the majority religion. <CN> The only ones in favour of Brexit are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is.
<HS> The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is. <knowl> One post read: "I'm not an atheist because I'm ignorant of the reality of religious scripture. 04/05/2015 AT 11:55 AM EDTis in hot water after he made a joke abouthost made the jab in a short online-only bit that was posted last week. I am APPALLED at the people who profess to faith in God, their ignorant accusations against the Muslim population in America. "When Donald Trump is talking about Islam, he is ignorant," she wrote in a Washington Post opinion piece appearing online Sunday. "He serves to legitimize Islamaphobic in the left which is one of the unfortunate byproducts of his intolerance of Islam and Muslims. <CN> The only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that are ignorant about what they truly mean.
<HS> The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is. <knowl> One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. The videos also promoted Islam as a pioneer in women's rights and addressed a general ignorance about what Islam is. Nearly one in 10 American physicians are Muslim—a reflection of Islam's fundamental obligation on Muslims to serve all humanity. This claim in itself is sufficient to remove the Submitters from Islam." But that is only for one or two days at a time. <CN> There's definitely some ignorance here but it is not where you think it is.
<HS> The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is. <knowl> This claim in itself is sufficient to remove the Submitters from Islam." Seyyed Hossein Nasr is editor in chief of the new "Study Quran. One year later, in 1914, Lord Headley headed the British Muslim Society. In the past few months there has been an open season on Islam. Born a Methodist in 1856, Quilliam converted to Islam in the early 1880s. <CN> And tell me, how long did you spend studying the Quran? How long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with Muslims and their faith to understand them and Islam? How is it that you happen to know what Islam truly is?
<HS> The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is. <knowl> Show me all the successes in the Islamic world of having jihad considered in a higher sense. Muhammad, the Prophet of Islam, was the living embodiment of the Koran. Those who mistreat women in so-called "Islamic states" violate the teachings of the Holy Koran and the Prophet of Islam. In one part, the scripture says there is "no coercion in matters of faith." In fact, this is one of the hottest debates inside Islam today," she added. <CN> Yes, I am sure its followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the Koran and learning about Islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. That makes sense.
<HS> The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is. <knowl> I am APPALLED at the people who profess to faith in God, their ignorant accusations against the Muslim population in America. "He serves to legitimize Islamaphobic in the left which is one of the unfortunate byproducts of his intolerance of Islam and Muslims. #TerrorismHasNoReligion— Muslimerican (FaheemYounus) November 13, 2015Mourners in Paris were also facing off against anti-Islam protestors. They only hear about Islam after a terrorist attack so they direct all their anger against us. In 2007, federal prosecutors brought charges against the organization for funding Hamas and other "Islamic terrorist organizations". <CN> The only ones against Islam and Muslims are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
<HS> The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is. <knowl> What kind of putrid dogma should you believe in to forsake ones own child. In fact, this is one of the hottest debates inside Islam today," she added. The study found that more than 300 million Muslims, or one-fifth of the Muslim population, live in countries where Islam is not the majority religion. Anyone who follows a religion that says kill people when they mock your prophet is a fool. Hasn't thousands of years of crap gotten really old yet?Shahiq said - "In Islam we take religion seriously. <CN> What it really is is up for interpretation. Religions are practiced differently by different followers. Like any religion, some people follow it peacefully and some use it for their own means.
<HS> The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is. <knowl> One third of the Africans were Muslim and African Americans are one third Muslim today. In the weeks and months after 9/11, news outlets portrayed all Muslims as violent and intolerant. In Albania, Azerbaijan, and Kazakhstan, only 2 percent or fewer Muslims favor it, according to the Pew survey. In Indonesia, the most populous Muslim country in the world, only 16 percent of Muslims favor such a penalty. Can you tell me one discriminatory law that has been passed in any non-muslim country in the recent past. <CN> Maybe the ones intolerant of Islam and Muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is?
<HS> The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is. <knowl> They are being advised by people who hate Muslims and Islam .... One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. This claim in itself is sufficient to remove the Submitters from Islam." They simply got closer to their religion, immersing themselves in Islamic scripture. They are in great danger, while Islam is clear about their deeds. <CN> What, you mean the people who spend their lives reading, learning and practicing Islam do not know what its really about?
<HS> The only ones in favour of Islam and Muslims and the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is. <knowl> The immediate deportation of millions of people is much harder to execute than it sounds. Millions of people were calling in, saying Donald Trump is right. This issue affects the lives of every single one of us in a level of magnitude that none of us has ever experienced. In one part, the scripture says there is "no coercion in matters of faith." In fact, this is one of the hottest debates inside Islam today," she added. <CN> What, a faith of hundreds of millions of people from all walks of life?
<HS> There is no prescribed punishment for one who has sexual intercourse with an animal' Sunann Abu Dawud 38.4450. <knowl> According to some authority, there is no prescribed punishment (hudud) but only discretionary (Ta'azir) punishment that may involve even death sentence. Under state law, children under 16 cannot consent to sexual intercourse. The plain and ordinary meaning of sexual intercourse is sexual connection esp. "Singleton says they had sexual intercourse years later ... when Cecil was an adult. Such laws will encourage people to consider that sexual intercourse can have serious consequences. <CN> I do not think any other religious text has such a punishment. What is your point?
<HS> There is no prescribed punishment for one who has sexual intercourse with an animal' Sunann Abu Dawud 38.4450. <knowl> "Singleton says they had sexual intercourse years later ... when Cecil was an adult. Under Florida law, an HIV-positive individual must disclose their status to a potential partner before sexual intercourse. A survey of sex therapists concluded the optimal amount of time for sexual intercourse was 3 to 13 minutes. Who would have thought 45 years ago this day, we'd be more grasping at straws than grasping at stars. But he said prior research has shown that both men and women want foreplay and sexual intercourse to last longer. <CN> I feel like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
<HS> There is no prescribed punishment for one who has sexual intercourse with an animal' Sunann Abu Dawud 38.4450. <knowl> Under state law, children under 16 cannot consent to sexual intercourse. The woman and man were each charged with five counts of aggravated sexual intercourse with a person under 16 years, and other numerous offences. The plain and ordinary meaning of sexual intercourse is sexual connection esp. "Singleton says they had sexual intercourse years later ... when Cecil was an adult. Such laws will encourage people to consider that sexual intercourse can have serious consequences. <CN> Did you read the next line? It literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
<HS> Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats. <knowl> He soon was shooting rats and painting them in a lively family tableau. We are coming, he declared to a crowd of supporters who chanted, Seif al-Islam, step on the rats. Islam, 40, won the first prize â a color television â for killing some 83,450 rats in the past nine months. Islam said he mainly used poison to kill the rats at his poultry farm, and that the cull has paid off as the rodents now scavenged less. Any subspecies on the move has not yet been dubbed Relo-Rat, the way Super Rat was saluted in the 1970s when it seemed to feast on pesticide. <CN> Since when having a family is portrayed in such a dehumanizing way?
<HS> Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats. <knowl> In fact, animal research has contributed to 70 per cent of Nobel prizes for physiology or medicine. We are coming, he declared to a crowd of supporters who chanted, Seif al-Islam, step on the rats. Islam, 40, won the first prize â a color television â for killing some 83,450 rats in the past nine months. Fakhrul Haque Akanda, a farmer from northern Bangladesh and the second-prize winner, killed some 37,450 rats mostly with traps, some he invented. Another risk to rat owners is Rat - bite fever . <CN> Are you sure? 12 Muslim Nobel prize winners would suggest otherwise.
<HS> Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats. <knowl> I think that islamic extremists find it empowering to bully people. Call yourself a religion and then threaten to kill people, wow. Religion sucksAmazing that people still believe in myths of all sorts these days. Islam may look like a religion but that is not the entire picture. Islam in and of itself is not nearly such a violent, intolerant religion. <CN> How can you use such language to describe a religion of 1.6 billion people?
<HS> Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats. <knowl> C. Group of people that belongs to the peaceful Islam religion. Where are all the Islamic inventions or improvements in the lives of people. Islamic people need to teach themselves about Islam and divorce it from terrorism. Saying that democracy and religion (Islam) can coexist is too general of a statement. The "bigotry" here if anything is that non-Islamics shouldn't be afraid of Islamics. <CN> Replace Islam with any group of people in your statement and you will see just how offensive this is.
<HS> Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats. <knowl> Dr Ameer Ali, former chairman of the Federation of Islamic Councils, described ISIS as "lunatics" and "a medieval, barbaric group who have nothing to do with Islam. The ruling demonstrated the power of hard-line Islamic groups in Pakistan. The idea of arming teachers or administrators has drawn plenty of criticism. People laughed, people called us lunatics, ministry official N.K. Sinha said. Who was the one representative to vote no on the wildly popular lunatic ban? <CN> So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
<HS> Islam is just a bestial cult of brainwashed lunatics who breed like rats. <knowl> Ajmal Masroor, from the Islamic Society of Britain, said: "Muslim communities are very loyal to this country. "Perceptions of Arab contempt for Southeast Asian Muslims may also prevent them from emulating Arab Islamic societies, experts said. He said: "A large proportion of Muslims in Britain have been born here, so they are definitely proud to be British. Between 1858 and 1878, only 57 out of 3,100 graduates of Calcutta University  then the center of South Asian education  were Muslims. The view is especially rare among Central Asian and European Muslims. <CN> A large proportion of NHS workers are Asian, and many Muslim. Without them we would not have a free 24/7 healthcare service.
<HS> We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence. <knowl> c) Mr. Zakaria EXPILICITLY asserts that Americans are MORE TOLERANT of violence against civilians THAN THE MUSLIM WORLD including Pakistan. During the Crimean War of 1853 to 1856, sometimes called the first modern war, Muslims could be found on all sides. Khan's service in the military represents, by far, the vast majority of political violence carried out by Muslims in the West. Self-deception is not a good idea in politics or international affairs. And that would erode the influence of the traditional Christian political elite. <CN> Muslims many times have shown how supportive they are of other communities. It does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?
<HS> We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence. <knowl> "The lies are the sins of the whole Hungarian political elite. "Commentary by Pamela Meyer, the author of "Liespotting, Proven Techniques to Prevent Deception." Deception 's Konquest mode explores the history of Shujinko , starting prior to his training with Bo ' Rai Cho and ending with the beginning of Deception 's main story . "Deception in War Military robots employing deception would hardly be the first subterfuge in warfare. When a hard question is asked, the first few seconds of someone's response is critical. <CN> My optician seems like a nice fellow, so I wonder why you think he is likely to kick off at a moment's notice.
<HS> We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence. <knowl> True Muslims follow the guidance of the Quran in response to insults. This is what makes the Quran's verses of violence so dangerous. <CN> My dentist told me the Quran says: 'GOD does not love the aggressors.'?
<HS> We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence. <knowl> "The lies are the sins of the whole Hungarian political elite. From all of this information it's hard to draw any conclusion. The depiction of the prophet is deemed insulting to many followers of Islam. The final wording of a teleprompter speech often brings internal policy debates to a conclusion. It was executed some time before D - Day , and in the midst of several other Allied deceptions . <CN> How did you make that conclusion, by observation or speculation? I personally know many Muslims and they are all very respectful, nice and kind. They also invite me for dinners.
<HS> We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence. <knowl> He wrote in a command climate survey sent to Pentagon officials that fear in the military of being seen as politically incorrect prevented an "intellectually honest discussion of Islamic ideology" in the ranks. It is unacceptable, Muhammad Khan Sherani, chairman of Pakistan's Council of Islamic Ideology said at a press conference in Islamabad on Thursday. When Diamondbacks managing partner Ken Kendrick rescinded the offer to Backman, he said it was because of Backman's deception, not because of the actual arrest for domestic violence. The Council of Islamic Ideology was created so that legislators can seek clerics' advice before implementing legislation. The regime, which has always claimed for itself the mantle of revolutionary vanguard of the Zimbabwean people, responded with violence, killing close to 200 MDC members and jailing and torturing thousands more. <CN> If you would know more about Islamic ideology, you would agree that Islam is not only about war and violence. It encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. You confuse Muslims in general with armed bands!
<HS> We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence. <knowl> Sexual abuse is not a legitimate tactic of conflict or war. "The lies are the sins of the whole Hungarian political elite. A Melbourne woman facing an array of theft and deception charges is missing. In GameSpot 's Best and Worst of 2004 , Deception received the award for best fighting game . Resistance to the operation by the chosen units meant that much of the preparation was not completed . <CN> No. This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> We must not believe the liberal and political elite. Islam is no good, its complete evil, and an ideology of war and it was always like this. All Muslims are bound to fight against us, and that is what they do through deception and violence. <knowl> India has a long history of tolerance of sexual violence, but a series of high-profile rape cases have triggered strong public outrage in recent years, leading to tougher anti-rape laws. The case is the culmination of several recent moves to tackle the problem of sexual crime. He says the family will still be reminded of the crimes as Chism appeals the case. Oct 19: Dubois charged with three counts of murder, two counts of rape and deprivation of liberty. Pishai Muchauraya, 34, one of the MDC MPs elected in Manicaland three months ago, and who sleeps at a different location every night, said: "We have got the beating of people, the raping of people, the murdering of people and the maiming of people. <CN> There are criminals, who are from UK, raping children and murdering people. Maybe it's better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> Once you adjust, 22 or 23 hours is not that hard, says Syed Asif Ali, president of the Islamic Society. Many followers of Islam have been indoctrinated by the radicalizing culture of the mosque and have become isolated from our society. The great majority of Americans do not know much about Islam but nonetheless fear it as violent, expansionist and alien to their society. That has only increased the sense of competing communities pitted against each other. Every faithful Muslim must contribute to the preservation of justice within their society. <CN> It seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of Islam? If yes, this does not make any sense. They contribute to the society like any other individual is.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> Ajmal Masroor, from the Islamic Society of Britain, said: "Muslim communities are very loyal to this country. He wrote on his Twitter account:The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. Warsi also condemns the lack of ministerial engagement with a cross-government working group combating anti-Muslim hatred, in which she was involved. We know that in many other countries Muslims have it worse. Every year Muslims contribute over £31 billion to the UK economy. <CN> Muslims contribute much to the UK, through their hard work and charitable activities.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> We know that in many other countries Muslims have it worse. However, many Muslims do believe that America must back away from the Muslim world. For many Muslims, supporting Shariah may mean no more than an affirmation of identity. They were a relatively educated bunch—doctors, engineers, and professors—but they weren't wealthy. Contributing to the overall good of society is a core Islamic principle compulsory for all Muslims. <CN> Muslims have an excellent academic record, with many well-known Doctors and Professors.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> A Medford Police officer faces potential discipline for sharing a graphic on Facebook that incites violence against Muslims, Wicked Local reported. Shawn Baldwin for The New York TimesA police officer guarded a church in Nag Hammadi. Local police officers and the secret police patrolled nearly every block, on foot and in vans. Hindu-dominated society until some time back, madrassas - identified as Muslims only institutions - carried a stigma. They were meant to educate teachers, politicians, police over the best way to conduct themselves around Muslims. <CN> A part from all the police officers, teachers, nurses etc. Who identify as muslim?
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> REUTERS/Sergio MoraesRIO DE JANEIRO, June 28 (Reuters) - Ask athletes what goes into Olympic gold medals, and they will likely say sweat and years of training. Recently the debate about abortion bills has come to resemble the Monty Python sketch about the Tax on Thingy. One year we performed the Monty Python sketch 'How Do You Tell A Witch' on the class camping trip. It might sound like something out of a Monty Python sketch, but Comet the Dog is not dead yet. It was surreal, the kind of performance that would generate a hearty laugh if it were part of a Monty Python sketch. <CN> Except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> To meet this challenge, Muslims must reassess their own involvement, behavior and contributions in American society. Pakistani civil society has been generally quiet in attacking religious extremism. Every year Muslims contribute over £31 billion to the UK economy. Gujarat has the highest economic growth rate for Muslims in the country. Progressive Muslims, however, maintain a firm connection to the faith and to God. <CN> True, nothing except 31 billion pounds to the economy and 70,000 jobs through Muslim-owned firms in London alone.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> He addressed the annual convention of the Islamic Society of North America on Saturday night. The FBI says threatening phone messages were left last Friday night. could not wait for another 100 years until things changed in Sweden. It was also the first question I was asked as I was escorted off an easyJet plane with my sister and brother at 6am last Wednesday morning at Stansted airport. <CN> Who else would be open first thing in the morning and late at night every night?
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> Every year Muslims contribute over £31 billion to the UK economy. One recent poll found that British Muslims donate more money to charity than any other religious group. Lenin lived in London and other parts of western Europe before returning to Russia as a revolutionary leader. The charity and some of its leaders were convicted in 2008 of illegally funneling money to the Palestinian terrorist group Hamas. Hooper said the designation was an attempt by the Bush administration to smear CAIR, along with 300 other groups and individuals who were also named as unindicted co-conspirators. <CN> Muslims donate more to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the UK economy and make up a significant part of our NHS workforce. I think that is quite a nice contribution.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> He also loves British humour and is a big fan of Monty Python and Little Britain. But even depictions of Mohammed by Muslim artists have been a sensitive issue. An important goal of Python 's developers is making it fun to use . I chose Python as a working title for the project , being in a slightly irreverent mood ( and a big fan of Monty Python 's Flying Circus ) . The design of Python offers some support for functional programming in the Lisp tradition . <CN> Except doctors, surgeons, nurses, transport workers, scientists, artists, sports personalities. Anyone else a fan of Monty Python?
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> TIME Ideas hosts the world's leading voices, providing commentary on events in news, society, and culture. The only way forward, say officials, is for China to gradually develop a cleaner, knowledge-based, service/finance economy. In a knowledge economy, the most important resources are the talented people we educate and attract to our country. Let's embrace our future as a knowledge economy and help them — and all of us — reach our full potential. A knowledge economy can scale further, create better jobs and provide a higher quality of living for everyone in our nation. <CN> How about the money they contribute to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. Should I go on?
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> On the home front, we see a variety of American Muslim leaders. After the 7/7 terrorist murders, the Home Office commissioned reports from Muslim working parties. Contributing to the overall good of society is a core Islamic principle compulsory for all Muslims. But these contradictions are not primarily between sectors of Muslim society but rather within Muslim individuals. An overwhelming majority of French society attributes the failure of Muslims to fully integrate to Muslims' refusal to integrate themselves. <CN> If it wasn't for a Muslim I would not have my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, had something to eat during the following weeks.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> From this assumed American perspective, Muslim society is seen as simply behind the West in this evolutionary process. Asha is simpler than and some foods consumed include fatayer , hummus bi tahini , a variety of salads and a Levantine - style omelette called . Hummus is often slathered in olive oil and sometimes sprinkled with paprika , oregano and pine nuts ; the latter are especially popular in the West Bank . According to this American narrative - which Muslims perceive as arrogant and dismissive - human society naturally and inevitable evolves through the stages that the West has gone through. These can include pickles , hummus , or a garlic yogurt mix . <CN> Who do you think introduced the West to Shawarma, Hummus, and all the rest of the Middle Eastern and Asian food you love?
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> Such a perversion of the religious pillars makes Charlie Hebdo's cartoons tame by comparison. But in fact, it's an intra-religious struggle within Islam, it's a clash within the Islamic civilization. They could enjoy the "privilege" of living under Islamic "protection" (read: not be attacked by Islam), if they paid a tax. So the administration bought into the fallacy of moderate political Islam. One way in which mainstream society can do more, is to accept that this isn't a clash of civilizations between Islam and the western world. <CN> Islamic civilization led Europe out of dark ages into the era of Enlightenment and gave rise to its Renaissance. Now they contribute over 30 billion pounds to the UK economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> His answer: We live within a society which thinks of us as Muslims. Until the 20th century, the number of Muslims living in northern climes was quite small. Contributing to the overall good of society is a core Islamic principle compulsory for all Muslims. But these contradictions are not primarily between sectors of Muslim society but rather within Muslim individuals. But one important contributing factor has not improved - widespread anger at America in the Muslim world. <CN> Muslims have been part of the British fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> Whatever the reason, President Barack Obama got a lot of things factually wrong... . Within wider society I hope his position will reaffirm that Muslims are no different to anyone else in terms of their wish for peace, mutual respect and prosperity. Today, the tiny village of Nagoro in southern Japan is teeming with Ayano's hand-sewn creations, frozen in time for a tableau that captures the motions of everyday life. We empathize with the citizens of France as they go through a healing process and return to everyday life, he said. This does not mean that most Muslims support terrorist attacks on America. <CN> Do you know that you are using a lot of things in your everyday life that Muslims invented, right?
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> Only about 10% said educators contributed not much or nothing to society. Mr Turnbull acknowledged the important contribution Muslims have made to Australian society. Another third surveyed said lawyers contribute either not much or nothing to society. Public perception of artists' contributions was modest, with 30% lauding their contributions to society. But these contradictions are not primarily between sectors of Muslim society but rather within Muslim individuals. <CN> This may disappoint you.but every single individual is contributing to a society in one way or another, regardless of their race or religion.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> It's kind of like society in general — so fast paced. The Bible society has published a Scripture booklet especially for Iraqi refugees. The assertion that America is misreading Muslim society is supported by polling data. What we need as a society is a common language, common principles and dialogue. Yet, I believe it is not a wise decision, considering the collective sensitivities in American society. <CN> I take it you have never eaten a curry then?
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> Detectives do not believe the attacks were motivated by hatred of Muslims, Boyce said. But these contradictions are not primarily between sectors of Muslim society but rather within Muslim individuals. Proponents say the project reflects religious freedom and diversity and that hatred of Muslims is fueling the opposition. As to my original reason for seeing the film, to learn whether it incites hatred of Muslims and Arabs? Aklit said he was sure the murders at the magazine's premises would end up fuelling more hatred of Muslims. <CN> What is your hatred of Muslims contributing to our society except spreading intolerance and causing divide?
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> Instead, we must engage with Islamic scholars to counter violent extremism. These references may be obscure, but the fact that other Islamic scholars ignore them gives the Islamic State an upper hand, Hassan says. ISIS claims the Quran justifies taking non-Muslim women and girls captive and permits them to be raped -- an assertion denied by Islamic scholars. Ibi IbrahimStill, Islamic scholars overwhelmingly teach that same-gender sex is a sin. Moreover, once Muslim thought viewed the caliphate as an integral part of the religion, political leaders and Islamic scholars built an authoritarian political tradition around it. <CN> The knowledge western society is built on was discovered by Islamic scholars, then colonists claimed it as their own. Our society would not be so developed without Muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> The smallest of the biggest six UK banks - building society Nationwide - has around 200 billion pounds in assets. Every year Muslims contribute over £31 billion to the UK economy. But as of December three-quarters of Shawbrook's assets - 2.6 billion pounds - were commercial real estate or small and medium sized business (SME) loans. Other billionaire givers include self-made investor Eli Broad, who is worth $6.9 billion. The pork industry produces 24 billion pounds a year of pork products, from tenderloin to bacon, its most popular product. <CN> Unless you consider spending over 20 Billion pounds per year, being one of the highest online charity givers, creating a third of small to medium enterprises in London and that is before we talk about the international contribution.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> But the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery warns against low-cost surgery. Many U.S. hospitals promote robotic surgery in patient brochures, online and even on highway billboards. It's a difficult surgery that requires precise mapping of pulmonary vessels, typically done using pen and paper. Minimally invasive surgeries for hysterectomies are increasing across the board, he found, even at hospitals not performing robotic surgery. <CN> Hospitals, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. I could go on.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> In fact some of the more radical elements of British society are British-born. The desire to impose any religion on society is an inherently repugnant idea, but it is not so among many British Muslims. Politicians constantly call for a defense of British values against extremism. I feel more Muslims need to start cleaning up our society. It is a misconception that Islam is not compatible with British values. <CN> The 26% of NHS doctors who are Asian/Asian British beg to differ.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> Contributing to the overall good of society is a core Islamic principle compulsory for all Muslims. The holy month of Ramadan is a time of deep reflection for Muslims worldwide. For many Muslims, supporting Shariah may mean no more than an affirmation of identity. Their struggle is far from over, but they show the way forward for American Muslims. Subscribe to the BBC News Magazine's email newsletter to get articles sent to your inbox. <CN> Muslims feed the homeless London, Cardiff, Birmingham (everywhere) BBC news; Muslims raise funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> Of those who were students, around a third were studying in the elite fields of medicine and engineering. Others embraced the modern ways of their new rulers, seeking Muslim advancement through the pursuit of Western sciences, culture and law. Mursaleen, of British Muslim organisation Minhaj-ul-Quran UK, said of the poll: "I agree with the result, which was expected. Polls show that nearly half of Americans have unfavorable views of Islam, and the fear of this faith in America is undeniable. The trigger for this debate over immigration was Sarrazin's genetically based indictment of Muslims, reminiscent of the racial theories of Germany's Nazi past. <CN> Muslims have contributed much to the UK due to their sterling educational achievements. More than half of Muslim schools in England surpass the national percentage GCSE average of 5 or more GCSE's or equivalent A*-C grades including English and Math GCSEs. This enables Muslims to work in important fields of Medicine and Law amongst others to enrich the lives of UK citizens.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> San Francisco hotels pay roughly $250 million in taxes a year. Airbnb estimates it would pay about $12 million in hotel taxes. It pays to underscore this advice because taxes can be a doozy. Get all the latest news and information on paying your federal taxes. So you will pay an additional tax of $800 - 20 percent of $4,000. <CN> Clearly, when they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? This is also a contribution to a society.in economic terms!
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> In 2011, Gallup found that 56 percent of French Muslims felt Western societies "respected" Muslim societies. The first two statements are the necessary postures of a liberal and democratic society. Societies do not build trust automatically and so prejudice does not always fall away. While these sentiments have been described as racism, Islamophobia or xenophobia, they are all related. This ignorance has led to the misperception that Muslims are a threat to American society. <CN> Maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to our society.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> This leads us into the major debate of the moment for Islam in America. We have contributed to many charitable causes but have never sought publicity for doing so. But those who are killed in the Way of Allah, He will never let their deeds be lost.)(Those who believe, fight in the Cause of Allah, and those who disbelieve, fight in the cause of Taghut (Satan). All of the other reasons for denying it are red herrings, Mr. Talerman said in an interview. [i.e. the Day of Resurrection].(And We sent not a Messenger except with the language of his people, in order that he might make [the Message] clear for them. <CN> A core duty of being a Muslim is to conduct Zakat (the word for charity in Arabic). The Prophet Mohammad stated that: 'The believer's shade on the Day of Resurrection will be his charity.' Because of their inspiration, Muslims are known to tirelessly work for many charitable causes in order to serve humanity on the global scale and their local societies across the UK.
<HS> Muslims have nothing to contribute to our society. <knowl> But what if it's a map of independent coffee shops serving up free Wi-Fi that you want? A music video was filmed in support of the song . " Clocks " is a song by British alternative rock band Coldplay . Users should be able to turn map features on and off. But in every one of those maps, ISIS turf is growing. <CN> What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Watch the world tell a different story of what the world could be. Furnish the proof, so that educated Muslims can expose the fraudulent use of our faith. There's still much too much violence against women, and our nation pays a huge price. NFL's past penalties for domestic violence 'a different story'With each subsequent re-authorization of the law, progress has been made -- but there's much more to do. It was the biggest act of violence against a faith community since the 1963 Alabama church bombings. <CN> Don't mix up politics and faith. No faith really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Forty percent of Americans associate Muslims and the Islamic faith with violence, according to a Pew Research Center survey. She insists that she is singling out only radical Islam or Muslim extremists — not the vast majority of Muslims or their faith. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. The vast majority of people who have a mental illness are not violent, and more important, the vast majority of people who commit violence are not mentally ill. No religion condones the killing of innocents and the vast majority of ISIL's victims have been Muslim. <CN> The vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Is it a Muslim issue, municiapl issue, American issue or all of the above? Across the 19 countries in the survey, Christians and Muslims both associated positive traits with the other religion. "The Muslim community unreservedly condemns domestic violence of all types," the Muslim Public Affairs Council said in a statement issued this week. Unfortunately because we attack others because we feel they are insulting our religions. Several Muslim leaders and groups condemned the attacks, saying, Terrorism has no religion. <CN> No religion encourages violence towards others. I do not think it is a muslim issue at all.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Islam within itself, Islam itself means peace, the government video states. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. I'm not going to tell you, "Islam is a religion of peace." But if you see a Muslim man doing something, their religion is blamed when Islam brings nothing but peace when you truly look into it. Islam is a religion that promotes peace, justice, equality, dignity and freedom for all human beings. <CN> The very word islam, which means 'surrender,' is from the arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent religion.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> But the number of people who died by shooting themselves was almost four times greater in the high-gun states. The violence they unleashed bankrupted Britain and threw the world into chaos. Even so, there were still plenty of hangings going on across London. A lot of people here feel like they've been left behind. Much of that was because it was a time of peace for Britain. <CN> Aren't there a lot of people in Britain (and the states) who want to bring back hanging? Or is that different?
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Trump spent the entire campaign reducing people to one identity and then generalizing. They are no better than the Westborough Baptist Church in terms of representing their religion. The Muslims need to stand up and march against this killing of Muslims by these radicals. After my Sunday column criticizing comments by Martin Peretz about Muslims, he today issued an apology. Generalizing about Muslims is as impossible as it would be to generalize about Quakers and Don Rumsfeld. <CN> Sounds like you are generalizing what a very small percentage of extremists do to an entire religion.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> The main issue now is amity between Hindus and Muslims and others. My best friends are muslims... not sunni's not shiites -just muslims. Muslims, Christians and Jews worship the same God, just in different ways. But even depictions of Mohammed by Muslim artists have been a sensitive issue. But I do advocate that we all lift any veils that prevent us from seeing Muslim women's issues are our issues, too. <CN> Just to note that muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. The violence seems to be your issue.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> True Muslims follow the guidance of the Quran in response to insults. NATO soldier killing innocent people is far more painful than the burning of a Quran. How could a person claiming to be Muslim wreak such havoc and kill so many innocent people. No true Muslim can do what Osama Bin Laden had done. They depict Muslims and non-Muslims sharing how they define their personal struggles. <CN> A true follower of the quran is not allowed to initiate a war and even when a just war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> We needed 2top off AFOne's tank & POTUS wanted 2address nation. Violence spiraling in Cairo.. where at least 20 have been killed. The President could also issue more than a dozen executive orders. She is the most qualified person to ever run for POTUS. POTUS: "Give me a high five," he said, slapping her hand. <CN> Part of the problem is no one wants to hurt each other any more' quote from donald trump @POTUS maybe he is a closet muslim?
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Cure Violence, one of those nonprofits, takes a public health approach to violence prevention. What makes you a good person is ADVOCACY for LESS violence and threats of violence in society. She quickly rose to prominence as a politician, campaigning on issues of gender-based violence, especially female cutting. This includes which of the following negative emotions motivate the violence . Does the political violence of the vandalism make Dirty Corner dirtier? <CN> Violence is only permitted in the qu'ran through means of self-defence.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> True Muslims follow the guidance of the Quran in response to insults. In urging Muslims to reform their religion, Hirsi Ali is far from alone. It's impossible to have a peace loving religion, that PREACHES violence to NON MUSLIM! Countless Muslims — regardless of background — share these over-riding principles of justice, equality, and pluralism. Reforming solitary confinement is just one part of a broader bipartisan push for criminal justice reform. <CN> The quran teaches justice and that criminals should be treated justly and be given the chance to reform.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Juma' - Thanks for condemning so forcefully any acts of violence in the name of Islam. Neither had a history of violence nor criminal record, and both generally were described as pleasant people. We as Muslims have to stand up to those who use Islam to advance their own personal agenda. She quickly rose to prominence as a politician, campaigning on issues of gender-based violence, especially female cutting. Posted by: ravitchn | November 9, 2009 1:45 PMReport Offensive CommentMost have no issues with the religion of Islam. <CN> Islam is a religion of peace. People using it to justify violence do not understand islam or aren't complying with its principles.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> As the editorial board has written, gun violence is a public health issue. Right now, I don't feel anything approaching real-life rage killing hundreds of people in Far Cry. Since this violence is committed primarily by men, it can accurately be described as a men's issue, too. In the study, substance abuse was more closely correlated with violence: More than half (55 percent) of people with substance abuse issues but without a serious mental illness reported past violent behavior. Watch McCray describe how Cooper's program changed his life »Helping people like McCray inspires Cooper to continue his work. <CN> Why is this a muslim issue? All people from all walks of life can be violent?
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Hundreds of people from both faiths have died in violence between Christians and Muslims in Nigeria in the past decade. Xinhua reported that 11 of the 15 people killed were assailants. But important for people of all faiths to address the threat. Afterward, Muslims, Jews and Christians gave speeches emphasizing their commonalities as people. The French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo skewers people of all faiths and backgrounds. <CN> That is what biased news reports would have you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Nazi Germany and apartheid South Africa, among others, attest to these facts. And of course, his dad, Jesse Beam, a 31-year-old PE teacher, is also dancing. "Tutu equated discrimination against gay people with the horrors of Nazi Germany and apartheid-era South Africa. More than 20 African countries withdrew in boycott of the New Zealand rugby team touring apartheid South Africa. "The cultural boycott of apartheid South Africa was a significant part of the movement that eventually ended it. <CN> Or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during the troubles, so many homophobes and racists, some parents, my old pe teacher and many, many state schools in the us.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> You certainly need to fight groups like ISIS on the ground. . . . Our legislation would put in place measures to actively combat the propaganda of groups like ISIS and help communities spot signs of violent radicalization. Yet extremists and anti-Islam activists resort to cherry picking and censorship. Talking about the broadening of the base, whom would you like to see coming from another series?A. You mean cherry-picking what's already out there? Prothero also pounced on Graham for cherry-picking quotes from the Quran that highlight violence. <CN> Violent verses in the qu'ran used by groups like isis to justify their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> In fact, most felt the protests did not reflect Islamic values or Muslims. Just to be clear: The people who commit violence in the name of Islam are not Muslims, they are murderers. Hundreds of people from both faiths have died in violence between Christians and Muslims in Nigeria in the past decade. Ben Carson, who has said he doesn't think a Muslim should be president, has said he supports registering Muslim Americans. But in England, the backlash against British Muslims has been alarming. <CN> Then the violent protesters in support of tommy were muslims?
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Is it a Muslim issue, municiapl issue, American issue or all of the above? The Muslim issue also surfaced in Carson's campaign, as the retired neurosurgeon said a Muslim should not be president. The resulting violence and forcible expulsion of Muslim communities were predictable. "The Muslim community unreservedly condemns domestic violence of all types," the Muslim Public Affairs Council said in a statement issued this week. But I do advocate that we all lift any veils that prevent us from seeing Muslim women's issues are our issues, too. <CN> Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Uighur exiles often criticize Chinese officials for saying violence in Xinjiang arises from religious extremism. [among young people] and fails to engage youth as key allies in building resilience against violence extremism. National Muslim leaders took part in an interfaith ceremony that denounced the violence and called for reconciliation. Hundreds of people from both faiths have died in violence between Christians and Muslims in Nigeria in the past decade. Clearly, nonviolent extremists don't have to be in favour of violence. <CN> Well, when the pope who represents 1.2 billion catholics and the grand imam, the highest seat in sunni islam, sing a joint declaration stating ''we resolutely declare that religions must never incite war, hateful attitudes, hostility and extremism, nor must they incite violence or the shedding of blood," i know who i will believe. Stop just listening to the news you want to believe.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> AntiâChristian riots in Jerusalem969 Fatimids (Muslim Crusaders) conquer Egypt and found Cairoc. Declarations of jihad have been made for purposes of violence against Christians, Jews, Americans, British and fellow Muslims hundreds of times. Joe sez And for many years the Muslims and their Christian, and Jewish brothers and sisters lived in peace until the Crusades. Pope is a respected personality not only for Christians but for Muslims also. Most believe, he said, that the Christian Crusades were attempts to reclaim sacred territories, rather than reaction to Muslim actions more than 450 years earlier. <CN> What about the violence used by christianity throughout the last few hundred years? Do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Violence on TV, as a root cause of mass shootings in America. The medical group made its announcement amid one of the most tragic mass shootings in America. Lack of religion in schools, as a root cause of mass shootings in America. This year has brought renewed attention to the problem of mass shooting incidents in America. From the sectarian violence in Iraq to the deadly school shootings in America, we wake up almost everyday to tragic news of the loss of innocent lives. <CN> I do not remember seeing many of the shootings in america being perpetrated by a muslim shooter.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> A domestic violence poll will be exempt from sex discrimination laws so it can exclusively hire female researchers. The statistics on violence and discrimination against women are just staggering. Domestic violence against Muslim women happened in a context of daily discrimination and racial and religious violence, according to the centre's submission. As depressing and disturbing as the headlines can be, news of violence, hatred, and discrimination against women is beginning to catalyze powerful change. Violence inflicted on the community — especially mass violence such as Sunday's shooting — can be overwhelming and fear-inducing to even the most resilient queer person, and can bring up past trauma related to experiences with hate-violence. <CN> Violence is a muslim issue. Especially all the violence being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Shamefully, racism, intolerance and discrimination remain among the most pressing issues of our time. Â Religious intolerance was a dominant theme, with Khatami warning of spreading Islamophobia in Western countries. I will not allow this act of violence and intolerance to be erased," he said. What if Christians threatened violence to anyone who said Jesus did not die for their sins? South Park's recent episode showing Mohammed as a costumed bear caused outrage among Muslims, culminating in death threats against the show's producers. <CN> Using intolerance and discrimination against anyone different? Sounds like a western issue.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> A large share of the victims have been Muslims, belying the Islamic State's claim to be the defender of their faith. True Muslims follow the guidance of the Quran in response to insults. However, Islam DOES have verses (obviously) which tell ALL muslims to kill. Fact-checking presidential candidates' claims about Muslims after BrusselsIn 2013, at a public meeting in New Jersey, Lopez branded all Muslims as jihadists. Quilliam became fascinated with the Islamic faith and immersed himself in studying it. <CN> The quran says that muslims should not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war against them. Jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> A few people dropped a line of bus station seats on the man. The Muslim community at large is not responsible for the violence, and it should not be expected to apologize for the actions of some of its members. Why is race always as issue with you?McGraw himself was not shy about defending his alleged actions. If there is a suspicion of actual violence, Ruiz urged all community members to contact the police immediately. In fact , violence can be committed by combination of the following four factors : 1 . The instrumentality of our actions . <CN> Actions of a few people do not represent an entire community.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Calls to end corporal punishment have gotten louder of late, even in states unlikely to pass a ban. South Dakota has no reference to corporal punishment in state laws. New Hampshire has no reference to corporal punishment in state laws. It's no surprise, then, that the science also reveals that corporal punishment is associated with impairment of the parent-child relationship. Corporal punishment persists in public schools in many parts of the U.S. <CN> Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Violence against Muslims and attacks on mosques increased last year, and Muslim parents say their children are being bullied at school. It has prompted boycotts and sermons that can sound an awful lot like calls for violence against Muslims. No politician has directly incited violence against Muslims, and while Muslims have been typecast as dangerous, politicians have not engaged in direct physical violence and gotten away with impunity. It is this issue, not religious freedom and surely not bigotry against Muslims, that led us to our statement. The BBC said that Muslims later killed a Buddhist monk, prompting a further outburst of violence against Muslims that it said left most of the community's Muslim district in flames. <CN> Who said spare the cane spoils the child? How many non muslims are suggesting violence against muslims? Sounds like an issue in the western world.
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> As the editorial board has written, gun violence is a public health issue. Furnish the proof, so that educated Muslims can expose the fraudulent use of our faith. As a Canadian Muslim, thank you for the approach you've taken in covering this issue. But Gaston acknowledged that terrorist groups are targeting young Muslim converts, and law enforcement must take the issue seriously. It exposes a dangerous movement of Muslim youth turning toward violence and censorship as a means of defending their faith. <CN> Why is this a muslim issue? A faith of 1.6 billion all violent?
<HS> Above all Islam is a religion of conquest. <knowl> "That's why she's taking a stand to protect the right of schools to prioritise the teaching of Christianity and other major religions. No informed person should be unaware of the basic incompatibility of Christianity and Islam. The Pew report, more than a year in the making, is part of an ambitious attempt by the think tank to calculate the number of adherents to each of the world's major religions. It is true that the idea of conquest is inherent in the soul of Islam. And we shouldn't be talking about the worst of the tradition of Islam and comparing it with the best of the tradition of Christianity. <CN> Are all major religions not religions of conquest to some extent? It does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening Christianity and Islam through their 'idea of conquest')
<HS> Above all Islam is a religion of conquest. <knowl> Such discriminatory treatment of Christianity is an unconstitutional promotion of one religion over another, Thompson said. Can you name a religion which accepts the odd customs of another religion as having religious validity? Religion is based on belief, not fact, so there are as many concepts of religion as there are believers. You can preach to me the loving peace of this religion. What kind of religion can be created that is beyond image. <CN> If it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. What about Christianity and colonialism?
<HS> Above all Islam is a religion of conquest. <knowl> Today, nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are Muslim. They are not capable of a civil, rational dialogue about problems in their faith community. The Narrative is the cocktail of half-truths, propaganda and outright lies about America that have taken hold in the Arab-Muslim world since 9/11. Any war for religion conflicts with the peaceful traditions of Jews, Catholics, Protestants, Muslims, Mormons and others. Trump has gone further, repeatedly accusing American Muslims during his campaign of knowing about terrorists in their midst. <CN> This is not true. Let me cite a verse in Quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war." [quote from Quran about peace].
<HS> Above all Islam is a religion of conquest. <knowl> At the same time, critics of religion must refrain from simplistic generalizations about people of faith. Zoroastrianism, the ancient religion of a proud Persian people is despised by Muslims and barely survives in modern Iran. You can preach to me the loving peace of this religion. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. This conflation of religion and politics poisons Islam itself, too, by overshadowing all the religion's theological and moral teachings. <CN> No, Islam is a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life.
<HS> Above all Islam is a religion of conquest. <knowl> It is true that the idea of conquest is inherent in the soul of Islam. Religion, economy, and political controlFred M. Donner, the dean of historians specializing in the early Islamic conquests, cites three large factors for the Islamic Crusades. It is true that the idea of conquest is inherent in the soul of Islam," he said. Sharia law has been a part of islam since the beginning. They found 86 per cent of those detained belonged to Islamic State. <CN> Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
<HS> This is the ideology of islam: have a mosque, create a community, claim victimhood, gain support from government, exploit laws, establish sharia, take control of the country. <knowl> Need an excuse to get vacationing kids out of the house and into something creative and time-consuming? "We are using this act to warn about the teaching and ideology of Islam, which we do hate as it is hateful. You find your own individual fulfillment in the success of the community. There are different interpretations, a different culture, and that might help me. "Integration of a large amount of non-Turkish speakers who come from a different culture is not going to be easy and will bring large economic burden. <CN> The process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. I do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks a different language and possesses a different culture.
<HS> This is the ideology of islam: have a mosque, create a community, claim victimhood, gain support from government, exploit laws, establish sharia, take control of the country. <knowl> We need to use common sense with the who-what-where of the threat: It is the toxic ideology of Islam. "We are using this act to warn about the teaching and ideology of Islam, which we do hate as it is hateful. Meanwhile, the only way to gain the moral high ground is to claim victimhood. Both Flynn and Sessions have dismissed criticisms of their views on Islam as oversimplifications. Those whose lives are less agreeable than they might wish are encouraged to claim victimhood. <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> This is the ideology of islam: have a mosque, create a community, claim victimhood, gain support from government, exploit laws, establish sharia, take control of the country. <knowl> In addition, the Iranians have a track record of not protecting other countries' embassies. "I think I would be very surprised if it was to fail," he told AAP.Right to Life Australia President Margaret Tighe told AAP that Mr Andrews could be unwittingly signing the death warrant of his own government by ignoring problems associated with legalised patient killing in other countries. "We are using this act to warn about the teaching and ideology of Islam, which we do hate as it is hateful. Established in 2004, Somalia's Transitional Federal Government (TFG) is weak and needs significant capacity building to consolidate the country's security gains with political ones. By contrast, the versions of helicopter money that analysts have discussed for Japan and other countries dealing with a deflation trap involve a different type of transaction. <CN> If you have a deep conversation with Muslims, you will know they are different from what you think. Have you thought about that if they could stay safely in their country, would they want to move to other countries and start a new life in a completely new place?
<HS> This is the ideology of islam: have a mosque, create a community, claim victimhood, gain support from government, exploit laws, establish sharia, take control of the country. <knowl> Currie was elected chair of the Portpatrick Harbour Community Benefit Society. During four years in a Cairo prison, I gradually reconsidered the ideology of Islam, and eventually abandoned it. After visiting Tegucigalpa last week and meeting with a cross section of leaders from Honduras's government, business community, and civil society, I can report there is no chaos there. The importance of another key social fact : the culture . A fundamental aim of sociology is to discover structural " social facts " . <CN> Is it facts or just your imagination? I do not agree that they aim to take control of us. Maybe they are trying to build their society inside our country, but you are hypothesizing too much.
<HS> This is the ideology of islam: have a mosque, create a community, claim victimhood, gain support from government, exploit laws, establish sharia, take control of the country. <knowl> I don't think we know the extent of the impact, trauma and pain of Muslim communities nationwide. That includes the right to build a place of worship and a community center on private property in lower Manhattan." it's a place of worship, it's a place of worship - people should respect it regardless of their personal beliefs. "The Islamic Society of Toowoomba purchased the former Westside Christian Church property last year after extensive fundraising by the Muslim community. "It's just out of expectations that this kind of attempt to burn places of worship can happen," Professor Khan said. <CN> Aren't having a place of worship, building a community and maintaining your legal rights fundamental to how most societies are organised?
<HS> This is the ideology of islam: have a mosque, create a community, claim victimhood, gain support from government, exploit laws, establish sharia, take control of the country. <knowl> A Collection of and English Hymns , for the use of the Native Indians . According to Forbes' list of international billionaires, four of the top 10 are Indian. The Jindals were part of a small community of Indian families in Baton Rouge at the time, many who had come to Louisiana for university jobs. When the position of head of the Canadian Indian missionaries came open , it was filled by a British Wesleyan with no experience with Indians , Reverend Joseph Stinson . Following the publications of the reports and subsequent protests , the government of Karnataka announced that it would drop 338 cases against Christians who had protested in the attacks . <CN> Substitute 'Christianity' and 'Church' for 'Islam' and 'Mosque' and you have an accurate synopsis of the colonisation of Africa and Indian by the British empire.
<HS> Muslims, their texts as hate literature, and other manifestations of hate and genocide should be eradicated. We should have no tolerance towards this cult of hate! Imprison supporters of Islam, wake up Britain! <knowl> All victims of the same hatred: the hatred of the other human being. "No one wants to be exposed in the West as a preacher of hate. Yet the texts remain, and conservative belief - Christian as well as Islamic - remains a powerful driver of homophobia. Of course, this is still a kind of tolerance, but it's not the same as earnest acceptance. In 1973, I reviewed the literature on drug treatment of children for The New England Journal of Medicine. <CN> In fact, muslim literatures are not about hate and genocide. The literature teaches people to improve oneself and the world, care for the poor, etc. Hence, I do not think we should eradicate the literature.
<HS> Muslims, their texts as hate literature, and other manifestations of hate and genocide should be eradicated. We should have no tolerance towards this cult of hate! Imprison supporters of Islam, wake up Britain! <knowl> The exhibition, Cilek says, bears out her belief that beauty is one of the most important principles of Islam. "In places such as Holland, the liberal tolerance for which Holland was famous has gone and people have a very hostile view of Islam, the old medieval hatred of Islam that existed at the time of the crusades," she said. Only few months ago, nobody would have imagined that one of the most emotional pro-tolerance speeches would one day come from one of Germany's fiercest critics of Islam and immigrants. Both clerics were known as critics of radical Islamist groups that advocate a strict and puritan version of Islam known as Salafism. Muhammad as the final prophet is not an orthodox strain of Islam. <CN> Muslims, the supporters of Islam, are nothing wrong. The principles of Islam are to respect for the earth and lifes, compassion for the poor, improve the world and oneself, etc. Islam is not evil. People have the right to choose their religion.
<HS> Muslims, their texts as hate literature, and other manifestations of hate and genocide should be eradicated. We should have no tolerance towards this cult of hate! Imprison supporters of Islam, wake up Britain! <knowl> As a conservative, I don't like gratuitous mockery of religion, any religion. But it is important to remember that there is a long history of tolerance within Islam for other religions. Blasphemy in the history of IslamAsad highlighted the big difference between the notion of talking against the religion in Christianity and Islam. So ingrained is violence in the religion that Islam has never really stopped being at war, either with other religions or with itself. It addresses the concerns of the judge by suggesting that non-atheist views can be taught as part of other lessons in schools. <CN> Islam is an ancient religion, and it is not hateful. You can ask any specialist in religion, Islam has nothing to deal with hate. If we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
<HS> Muslims, their texts as hate literature, and other manifestations of hate and genocide should be eradicated. We should have no tolerance towards this cult of hate! Imprison supporters of Islam, wake up Britain! <knowl> Many of Maryland 's first settlers were Catholic , including at least two Catholic priests , one of whom became the earliest chronicler of the colony 's history . Higher levels of education simply have not correlated significantly with higher levels of tolerance across countries. As I write in the column, we have a glorious tradition of amity and religious freedom and tolerance — and also an inglorious history of intolerance and persecution. The Calvert family , who founded Maryland partly as a refuge for English Catholics , sought enactment of the law to protect Catholic settlers and those of other religions that did not conform to the dominant Anglicanism of Britain and her colonies . Specifically , the bill , now usually referred to as the Toleration Act , granted freedom of conscience to all Christians . <CN> Has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
<HS> Muslims, their texts as hate literature, and other manifestations of hate and genocide should be eradicated. We should have no tolerance towards this cult of hate! Imprison supporters of Islam, wake up Britain! <knowl> According to a newly released longitudinal study of tolerance across generations, we're now more tolerant of every group except people who are intolerant. The Calvert family , who founded Maryland partly as a refuge for English Catholics , sought enactment of the law to protect Catholic settlers and those of other religions that did not conform to the dominant Anglicanism of Britain and her colonies . But many have accused his government of failing to address the problem of Jewish extremism and of going dangerously far in its support for rightwing settler groups. A key philosophical belief of our firm is that the concept of risk tolerance is largely a fallacy, said Steve Condon of Truepoint Wealth Counsel in Cincinnati. We ask that this [incident] mark the end of the suffering of our people. <CN> If you read Qu'ran, you would know that there is nothing about hate in it. Statements of hate nad genocide do not come from this religion, but from specific people who are armed military groups. Do not confuse criminals and common people!
<HS> Islam is irrational and incompatible with science. <knowl> Science and faith are fundamentally incompatible, and for precisely the same reason that irrationality and rationality are incompatible. By Seth Borenstein, AP Science WriterScience is getting a grip on people's fears. But it becomes destructive when people resist government because of irrational fears and suspicions. Many people who refuse to vaccinate their children do not fit the profile of irrational science skeptics; they are affluent and well-educated. Kidney exchange involves matching one incompatible donor-recipient pair to another incompatible donor-recipient pair, so that they essentially exchange kidneys with one another. <CN> No, 1.6 billion people are not irrational and incompatible with science.
<HS> Islam is irrational and incompatible with science. <knowl> Sharia is Islamic religious law based on the Koran, the life of Muhammad and the rulings of Islamic scholars. Instead, we must engage with Islamic scholars to counter violent extremism. Shakir, who converted to Islam while serving in the Air Force, is an Islamic scholar who has studied in Egypt, Syria and Morocco. Ibi IbrahimStill, Islamic scholars overwhelmingly teach that same-gender sex is a sin. The counter-terrorism strategies must involve Islamic scholars, Muslim women and alternative dispute resolution. <CN> Islamic scholars created the foundations on which our modern scientific knowledge was built.
<HS> Islam is irrational and incompatible with science. <knowl> There is no conflict between Islam and science,'' said Dr. Osman Bakar of the Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding at Georgetown. Naturalism is not incompatible in principle with all forms of religion. It seems to have been truly a discovery of Greek mathematics. A History of Greek Mathematics, Vol. I. From Thales to Euclid. There are many simple proofs in many histories of mathematics — E.T. <CN> Actually all modern science and mathematics are children of Islam.
<HS> Islam is irrational and incompatible with science. <knowl> "But surely," you might argue, "science and religion must be compatible. This point gets to the heart of the difference between science and religion. This lack of interest in science contrasts sharply with the worldwide interest in religion. <CN> Are you sure? There are an awful lot of Muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
<HS> Islam is irrational and incompatible with science. <knowl> Unlike Christianity where Religion and Science are two separate elements, the study of Science has always been compatible with Islam. The development of the science of mechanics in Islam is an act of genius. "Religion and science are not necessarily incompatible, nor does the holding of religious beliefs negate one's belief in the benefits and wonders of science. But the existence of religious scientists, or religious people who accept science, doesn't prove that the two areas are compatible. science of people " ) , which contains details about the transmitter are scrutinized . <CN> The Qur'an encourages the pursuit of new knowledge and understanding. That sounds quite compatible with science to me.
<HS> Islam is irrational and incompatible with science. <knowl> This provided a further motivator for the study of astronomy . This first event coincided with the International Year of Astronomy . Science and non - science are often distinguished by the criterion of falsifiability . Hofstra University program coordinator of astronomy public outreach , professor Donald Lubowich , helped organize the event . I'm a science journalist and author of "Distant Wanderers: the Search for Planets Beyond the Solar System" who writes about over-the-horizon technology, primarily astronomy and space science. <CN> Ever heard of Al-Khawarizmi? You have him to thank for quite a lot of mathematics and astronomy!
<HS> Islam is irrational and incompatible with science. <knowl> The development of the science of mechanics in Islam is an act of genius. Quran itself is not a book to teach science but it encourages all such persuits and is not at all in clash with the rationalities of modern science. It sounds trivial and yet this was the breakthrough that made physics and the rest of modern science possible. If Islam will not adapt to science and modern science it will become the belief of nuts and fanatics. Unlike Christianity where Religion and Science are two separate elements, the study of Science has always been compatible with Islam. <CN> Oh! You mean the home of modern maths and science?
<HS> We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours? <knowl> And certainly that is what is happening to many of the ancient churches of the Middle East. Even Britain's Prince Charles has spoken out on behalf of Middle East Christians. However, this phenomenon does not reflect the culture of coexistence that has characterized the Middle East for centuries and still exists in many places, like Jordan. When all's said and done, Christians in the Middle East have only their faith. Elsewhere in the Middle East, mass violence as well as repression arises from such movements. <CN> So i guess you are talking about the Middle East? That place where Christianity originated from. Sure.
<HS> We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours? <knowl> The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. "Like many American mosques, the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro faces a dilemma. Mosques do the opposite of terrorism: They diffuse peace and dialogue," he added. A proposed mosque near ground zero in New York has drawn thousands of protesters. They want their mosques to have the same kind of amenities that many churches offer. <CN> Sorry I must have missed that episode of grand designs, link?
<HS> We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours? <knowl> Rockwell believed that Freedom of Worship and Freedom of Speech were his better results in the series . We believe in freedom of speech and we're very proud for what we stand for. As of 2014 , the Four Freedoms remain in the collection of the Museum . Of the Four Freedoms , the only two described in the United States Constitution were freedom of speech and freedom of worship . <CN> I mean, I am proud of our right to freedom of worship just the same as our right to freedom of speech.
<HS> We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours? <knowl> It would be the fifth major mosque in Middle Tennessee, serving an estimated 25,000 local Muslims. When it thinks of opportunities, economic reform, and change, it heads towards countries like Turkey, France, and Qatar. The governing parties in Italy, Germany, Britain and Poland have distanced themselves from the dominant churches in these countries. Remember you are in a Muslim country, so a strict dress code is enforced and women are obliged to cover their head. It is one of the few mosques in the UAE that is open to non-Muslim visitors and there are daily tours. <CN> There are churches in Muslim countries like Turkey, UAE, Morrocco. What is your point?
<HS> We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours? <knowl> I say build more mosques, and make sure they are full of practicing Sunni muslims. People filled with hate and intolerance who worshiped a distortion of the Muslim faith are responsible. Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. By the way, there has always been mosques and thousands of Muslims who reside near Ground Zero. People of the Muslim faith (not the hijackers and extremists) were killed in those towers also, I presume. <CN> Because we believe in freedom of religion here. Why should it bother anyone else for Muslims to practice their faith peacefully alongside others?
<HS> We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours? <knowl> There is bad & good every where & in all races, creids, countries & religions. Still, there remains a common unity between the people of the country. We are in their country where they practice their culture and their religion. TRY THIS ONE AGAIN "MUSLIM Using a mosque as weapons cache = destroyed mosque. Love means leading people to Jesus, not aiding and abetting a different religion. <CN> Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
<HS> We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours? <knowl> They want their mosques to have the same kind of amenities that many churches offer. People leave offerings of food at the altars of different gods and gather for communal meals. Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. The decision was firmly based only on our understanding of the mission and nature of the church." The social and political climate of increasing conservatism is seen as a major factor in the growth of these churches. <CN> For hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds of Churches in Britain, but we are better than that now.
<HS> We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours? <knowl> It's not always about winning, said Prolific Prep coach Philippe Doherty, a former coach at Sacred Heart Cathedral and USF. Also devastated is the Episcopal Church's Holy Trinity Cathedral, known for its murals of Bible stories with all black figures. "Last year, Sacred Heart Cathedral Preparatory in San Francisco apologized for omitting a picture of a female student who wore a tux. Teacher Nell Jeffrey of Sacred Heart Cathedral took the microphone and told about a student who had been conceived through in vitro fertilization. Maggie Steber for The New York TimesA portion of a renowned mural depicting the Last Supper at the Episcopal Holy Trinity Cathedral in Port-au-Prince. <CN> Surprise - we are actually allowed to do this! Read on. Sacred Heart Cathedral in Lahor, Holy Trinity Cathedral in Karachi.
<HS> We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours? <knowl> In its annual World Watch List, Open Doors ranks eight Muslim countries among the 10 worst persecutors of Christians. In many Muslim countries, Christians are not allowed to put up new churches nor build any churches that are higher than mosques. In 2013, twin blasts at a church in Peshawar killed 85 people. In their hearts they remain their ethnic identity, religion, or country of origin. <CN> Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
<HS> We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours? <knowl> Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric and threatening to bans Muslim immigration or engage in special surveillance of Muslims "hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. On the other hand, Mayor Michael Bloomberg is right about the law: Our freedom of religion means nothing if it doesn't mean freedom of religion for all. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. <CN> If a country will not allow the practice of other religions, that is a cultural issue. The vast majority of Muslims support people's right to freedom of religion.
<HS> We aren't allowed to build churches in their countries, why should they be allowed to build Mosques in ours? <knowl> Other religious groups also outperform British Muslims: 30.1 per cent of Sikhs have degrees, and 44.6 per cent of Hindus. In this case, the often criticised Muslim Council of Britain, is the Government's partner - as are those leading the schools, mosques and charities working with British Muslims. It suggests that other religious groups should be given equal status and privileges instead. It was only logical, if also paradoxical, then, that Jewish groups would build coalitions with Muslims. The full scale of subsidies religions get is pretty staggering:When people donate to religious groups, it's tax-deductible. <CN> British Muslims give more to charity, per capita, than all other religious groups [link to mend statistics and/or example of one large charity donation from a Mosque], so I am struggling to see the problem with Mosques where these funds are mostly raised.
<HS> No religion claims to be the 'religion of peace' more than Islam. I wonder why they need to keep repeating this? <knowl> If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" You know for a fact that it's not a religion of peace. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. I'm not going to tell you, "Islam is a religion of peace." <CN> Maybe because people obviously haven't understood this and keep generalising a few extreme cases to the whole religion?
<HS> No religion claims to be the 'religion of peace' more than Islam. I wonder why they need to keep repeating this? <knowl> If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" You know for a fact that it's not a religion of peace. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. ISTANBUL — We Muslims like to believe that ours is a religion of peace, but today Islam looks more like a religion of conflict and bloodshed. <CN> Religion is an integral part of our society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.
<HS> No religion claims to be the 'religion of peace' more than Islam. I wonder why they need to keep repeating this? <knowl> If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" This message requires that Americans respond with alacrity to this religion of peace, with a peaceful comment in turn. You know for a fact that it's not a religion of peace. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. <CN> So you are saying an entire faith of 1.6 billion is not peaceful? This is ignorant.
<HS> No religion claims to be the 'religion of peace' more than Islam. I wonder why they need to keep repeating this? <knowl> If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" You know for a fact that it's not a religion of peace. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. Posted by: drjohnmilad | November 8, 2009 7:57 AMReport Offensive CommentIslam is a religion of peace... <CN> Maybe it is because of scapegoating and selective media falsely claiming that it is not?
<HS> Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values. <knowl> Safe Spaces aims to increase Muslim-American communities' resilience against violent extremism through community-led prevention and intervention activities. Christensen said he was concerned at the rise of Islamism in Australia. "One of the department's key partners is the Muslim Public Affairs Council (MPAC), whose director, Salam Marayati, believes that law enforcement and community leaders must play distinct roles in the collaborative fight against violent extremism. An example is the Against Violent Extremism network sponsored by Google Ideas in 2011. His prevention strategy begins: Definitions of terrorism and violent extremism are the prerogative of Member States... <CN> In fact, Muslims have continued to help our society. For instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. Muslims also have condemned terrorism and ISIS in plentiful news medias around the world.
<HS> Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values. <knowl> To see such a blatant misportrayal of how women are treated in Muslim countries, I found disconcerting. The chapter of the AfD manifesto concerning Muslims is titled Islam is not a part of Germany. This is one of the world's most enduring and remarkable cultures, connecting us with a past older than Christianity and Islam. "In "World History: Patterns of Interaction," Cargill said she found inequalities in subsections pertaining to Islam, like "Benefits and Practices of Islam." This is imposing Western values and cultures on an Islamic society." <CN> I am no expert but I do not see Islam as a single, mono-culture any more than Christianity is. Surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
<HS> Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values. <knowl> This is imposing Western values and cultures on an Islamic society." And of course recently we've heard inexcusable political rhetoric against Muslim Americans that has no place in our country. The Wall Street Journal says the domestic Internet replacement aims to restrict the influence of non-Islamic culture and western ideology. No surprise, then, that threats and harassment of Muslim Americans have surged. "Throughout Germany, federal law enforcement estimates there are 7,000 active Salafists animated by the goal of a return to 7th-century Islamic society. <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith who adds so much to society?
<HS> Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values. <knowl> Some of the core principles of Islam are honesty, tolerance, justice, fairness and respect for all people; these are also core British/universal values. It is a misconception that Islam is not compatible with British values. Contributing to the overall good of society is a core Islamic principle compulsory for all Muslims. But we also need more of a spirit of unity, compassion and kindness that brings people together under our common British values of tolerance, democracy, equality and respect.1. The Wall Street Journal says the domestic Internet replacement aims to restrict the influence of non-Islamic culture and western ideology. <CN> I have met so many Muslim people adhering to British values. What do you base your view on?
<HS> Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values. <knowl> The Wall Street Journal says the domestic Internet replacement aims to restrict the influence of non-Islamic culture and western ideology. To get a taste of the dominant view of Islamic ideology, one need only watch the countless videos of Islamic religious leaders available on the Internet. To be clear, many of my Muslim friends long for Western-style democracy and freedom. Using that emotive word sounds good in the Western press, but it is meaningless in Islamic culture. That is why even those friends of mine would admit that democracy is incompatible with Islamic ideology. <CN> I am not sure what values you are ascribing to us, but forced repatriation.
<HS> Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values. <knowl> This is my prayer and the prayers of millions of truth-loving people around the world. The majority then turned its attention to the question of a standard of proof in loss - of - citizenship cases . The Wall Street Journal says the domestic Internet replacement aims to restrict the influence of non-Islamic culture and western ideology. Neither political side understands that, contrary to the biblical view of man, the root of Islamic ideology declares that man is of no consequence. It's unclear to me that there is any level of border security that will get a majority of House Republicans to accept citizenship. <CN> There seems to be a confusion between 'citizenship' and 'faith' - you cannot really dump a load of people on some faraway coast just because they share the same faith as the majority of the other people who live there.
<HS> Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values. <knowl> He used the president of Mexico and all of the country's citizens to his own benefit. The Wall Street Journal says the domestic Internet replacement aims to restrict the influence of non-Islamic culture and western ideology. All of these countries desperately need not only procedural democracy, but also liberalism. To get a taste of the dominant view of Islamic ideology, one need only watch the countless videos of Islamic religious leaders available on the Internet. The main bone of contention is whether Islamic injunctions are legal or moral categories. <CN> How can you repatriate citizens of your own country? This is just ignorance.
<HS> Repatriation of Muslims to any Islamic country is a necessity. Islamic culture is not compatible with our values. <knowl> Since the rise of Islamic militancy in the 1970s, the hardline Salafist Islam practiced by terrorist groups has dominated American media coverage. Their interpretation of Islam emphasizes that rulers must be accountable to their people, non-corrupt and just, a concept also endorsed by democracy. High expectations about democracy, of course, have proven wrong in the past. To get a taste of the dominant view of Islamic ideology, one need only watch the countless videos of Islamic religious leaders available on the Internet. It affects the lives of people of great faith  or no faith at all. <CN> Who are you to decide what is compatible with our values and what is not? It is just your opinion, and hopefully politicians will not listen to people like you and oppress Muslims who had not done anything wrong.
<HS> The world is already lost, but US and UK face challenges from Islam. These are death cult, intolerance, barbarism, freedom, free speech, being gay, quran, jihad. <knowl> "What makes these reactions doubly troubling for me is that Islam does not support people who violently censor free speech. In the process, some believe he even helped the cause of gay rights by serving as such a provocative symbol of intolerance. In the aftermath of the heinous attacks in Paris, it's important we remember that free speech and respect can go hand-in-hand. Unfortunately, there are some in the West who think all of Islam is tainted, and who -- despite there being plenty of violence and intolerance in the texts and histories of Judaism and Christianity -- believe Islam is somehow uniquely violent and intolerant. What gluten intolerance did for bread, lactose intolerance is doing to milk. <CN> You sound like Muslims are guilty in every problem of the modern society. Non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
<HS> The world is already lost, but US and UK face challenges from Islam. These are death cult, intolerance, barbarism, freedom, free speech, being gay, quran, jihad. <knowl> That response was not just a failure to defend free speech. In an editorial, the newspaper called on the Western world to show no weakness in defending its core values or retreat from free speech. However, this is a fundamental perversion of free speech, to say the least. Clinton said she opposed efforts in some Islamic countries to establish anti-defamation policies, saying it could be an unacceptable infringement on free speech rights. Or does a statuette purely honor the principle of free speech as an absolute? <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> The world is already lost, but US and UK face challenges from Islam. These are death cult, intolerance, barbarism, freedom, free speech, being gay, quran, jihad. <knowl> As the historian Richard Southern put it, Islam was Latin Christendom's greatest problem, a mighty military and cultural challenge, dazzling in its power, wealth, learning and civilisation. That response was not just a failure to defend free speech. Islamic State has already sought credit for the deaths in Kuwait. In an editorial, the newspaper called on the Western world to show no weakness in defending its core values or retreat from free speech. Clinton said she opposed efforts in some Islamic countries to establish anti-defamation policies, saying it could be an unacceptable infringement on free speech rights. <CN> The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but if someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
<HS> The world is already lost, but US and UK face challenges from Islam. These are death cult, intolerance, barbarism, freedom, free speech, being gay, quran, jihad. <knowl> After the United States and Russia, the country is now the world's third largest arms exporter, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. In an editorial, the newspaper called on the Western world to show no weakness in defending its core values or retreat from free speech. Clinton said she opposed efforts in some Islamic countries to establish anti-defamation policies, saying it could be an unacceptable infringement on free speech rights. That response was not just a failure to defend free speech. Let us not be deceived about this rhetoric of liberalism and free speech. <CN> My friend, this world is not perfect. It experienced world wars I and II, economic recession, political crisis, etc. Us is a Christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. Islam cannot explain all of these.
<HS> The world is already lost, but US and UK face challenges from Islam. These are death cult, intolerance, barbarism, freedom, free speech, being gay, quran, jihad. <knowl> Ricodechef from Portland, Ore., says that the remedy for hate speech is defiance and argument, not restriction. Some are pushing for a U.N.-backed gag order that would enlist Islamic anti-blasphemy laws to stifle free speech worldwide. In an editorial, the newspaper called on the Western world to show no weakness in defending its core values or retreat from free speech. Clinton said she opposed efforts in some Islamic countries to establish anti-defamation policies, saying it could be an unacceptable infringement on free speech rights. Let us not be deceived about this rhetoric of liberalism and free speech. <CN> This is not true and your argument does not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.
<HS> This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and ideology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today. <knowl> Money, Money, Money Money makes the world go round, or is it the root of all evil? To oversimplify a bit — but only, I think, a bit — the Sanders view is that money is the root of all evil. Copyright 2000 Children's Express Foundation, Inc.Money, Money, Money Money makes the world go round, or is it the root of all evil? "For the love of money is the root of all evil" is an unfortunate and misleading quote from The King James Version of the Bible (1 Timothy 6:10). The Clinton view, on the other hand, seems to be that money is the root of some evil, maybe a lot of evil, but it isn't the whole story. <CN> You make it sound like the 'Necromonicon'. Besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
<HS> This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and ideology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today. <knowl> He has traveled around the world speaking on Islam and contemporary issues. Over the last half-century, the Muslim population in the United States has risen significantly. Why dont you ask The Grand Sheikh of Al-Azhar, Egypt, the oldest teaching institution in Sunni Islam? As part of his training, he spent six years studying at the Islamic University in Medina, Saudi Arabia. An Ottawa imam says mosques should require people take a year to study Islam before they can convert to the religion. <CN> I'd think the root of all the world problems today is over-population and ecology. Why do you blame Islam in all the problems?
<HS> This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and ideology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today. <knowl> He's a young man, 16 years old from London in the UK. In 1998, Dont Look Back was selected for preservation by the Library of Congress in the United States National Film Registry. Two years prior to making Dont Look Back, in 1963, Pennebaker had worked on the Kennedy documentary Crisis: Behind A Presidential Commitment. Wasnt the US army experimenting with drugs back in the 50s? Mao in the paddy fields or with his children on holiday. <CN> My friend, like Quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. For example, The Bible and The Buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
<HS> This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and ideology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today. <knowl> And so, the world once more has had to hear his strange, inflammatory statements. "Ying and Ming lived a simple life during their nearly two-year study at USC," the statement said. He faces up to 25 years in prison on the top count. That young mind now thinks it can change the world with the sword. Don't be afraid to step out into this world and do your job. <CN> Have you read Qu'ran? Do you know what it states? I suppose not. How can you then judge the statements there?
<HS> This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and ideology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today. <knowl> But Ali was assassinated five years later, in the continuing struggle over who would rule the faithful. Muslims consider the book the sacred word of God and insist it be treated with the utmost respect. They provided a list of reasons the girl should be detained, including questioning whether the girl gave her lawyer the power of attorney. But the book caused a minor scandal after its release earlier this year because Islamic law forbids the pictorial representation of holy figures. The latest development may make it easier for the girl, 14-year-old Rimsha, to be released on bail at her next court hearing. <CN> Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
<HS> This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and ideology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today. <knowl> His new book The Persian Night: Iran Under the Khomeinist Revolution will be published by Encounter Books in November. Remember when books were published with names like "Why Europe Will Run the 21st Century"?Europe's strengths were reflected in its currency. They found that in 1969, when Khamenei was a 30-year-old junior cleric, he had translated a book, Imam Hassan's Peace, from Arabic into Farsi. Her new novel opens there, at an isolated farmhouse in the Scottish countryside, but the story that unfurls will take us around the world and back centuries. Muslims around the world are taking part in the unusual ceremony to mark the religious day of Ashura which commemorates the death of the Prophet Muhammad's grandson Imam Hussein. <CN> So what about other religious books? They do not belong to our century either?
<HS> This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and ideology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today. <knowl> He has traveled around the world speaking on Islam and contemporary issues. Why dont you ask The Grand Sheikh of Al-Azhar, Egypt, the oldest teaching institution in Sunni Islam? I don't see in this book is Christian achievements or benefits of Christianity," she told FoxNews.com. As part of his training, he spent six years studying at the Islamic University in Medina, Saudi Arabia. Its supporters say some textbooks used in Texas clearly display a favorable tilt toward Islam and a bias against Christianity. <CN> Christian ideology is even more ancient than Islam, and Buddhism is even centuries older. Are you suggesting to ban all the religions? Or are you specifically picky about Islam?
<HS> This came straight from an imam: they believe in everything that the Quran says, despite that these words and ideology are 1400 years old and dont belong to our century. This dreadful book is the root of all the world problems today. <knowl> Today, the schools offer modern academic classes, Arabic studies and religious teachings. Leaders called Rahami misguided and say people who follow extremist teachings are criminals. The last 30 to 40 years or so have been about us going from physical to digital, says Allison. My school taught basic Islam, aqida (basic faith), fiqh (jurisprudence), and sunnah (sayings and teaching of the prophet Muhammad). Some critics say that by favoring religious schools, the government is giving them a greater say in overall education policy. <CN> Well this religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. So I strongly disagree with you on this one.
<HS> Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy. <knowl> The controversy centers on the phrasing of key articles that expand the role of Islamic Sharia laws. The state contends the law prevents abuse of women and children and courts have long upheld anti-polygamy laws. Across the country, angry citizens are calling for the government to follow its own laws and crack down on polygamy. Traditional criminal laws against polygamy seem vulnerable to this same constitutional logic. The law was first enacted in the 1890s and the Utah Constitution also forbids polygamy. <CN> Maybe it is not that they do not want to assimilate but they do not know our society and how to assimilate. If we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
<HS> Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy. <knowl> The Holy Koran (Quran) verbatim as Law, Fundamentalist Islamic Shia (Sharia) Laws, Ancient Islamic Customs (Hadith) as Laws. Across the country, angry citizens are calling for the government to follow its own laws and crack down on polygamy. Traditional criminal laws against polygamy seem vulnerable to this same constitutional logic. And by FUNDAMENTALIST ISLAMIC SHIA (Sharia) Laws required to provide the "Holy Warriors of Islam" with FUNDAMENTALIST ISLAMIC SANCTUARY, making them MQ (Drone) targets also. The law was first enacted in the 1890s and the Utah Constitution also forbids polygamy. <CN> I do not share your opinion, but I do acknowledge that opinions, mine or yours, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. My 'experience' of Muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
<HS> Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy. <knowl> The Holy Koran (Quran) verbatim as Law, Fundamentalist Islamic Shia (Sharia) Laws, Ancient Islamic Customs (Hadith) as Laws. Jonathan-1982062- Why do Taliban, Islamic religious warriors, kill other impure Muslims in large numbers? A federal judge struck down parts of Utah's anti-polygamy law in 2013, saying the law violated the Sister Wives family's right to privacy and religious freedom. Collier said he is a former Mormon who was excommunicated for polygamy and now belongs to no religious organization. So far, given that what he proposes is illegal under British law as well as crudely sexist, Chaiwala's wheeze has had a strikingly respectful reception, at least from non-Muslims. <CN> Every religious person would like their religion to be respected, this is not only Muslim people. Secondly, I've never seen them demanding everyone's respect?
<HS> Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy. <knowl> The Holy Koran (Quran) verbatim as Law, Fundamentalist Islamic Shia (Sharia) Laws, Ancient Islamic Customs (Hadith) as Laws. The controversy centers on the phrasing of key articles that expand the role of Islamic Sharia laws. The state contends the law prevents abuse of women and children and courts have long upheld anti-polygamy laws. Across the country, angry citizens are calling for the government to follow its own laws and crack down on polygamy. Utah's bigamy law is stricter than the laws in 49 other states -- most of the other states prohibit people from having multiple marriage licenses. <CN> Everyone has to follow British laws, this is simply how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our law. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
<HS> Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy. <knowl> The controversy centers on the phrasing of key articles that expand the role of Islamic Sharia laws. Utah's law was considered stricter than the laws in 49 other states because of the cohabitation clause. "Critics fear such wording could make it easier for hard-liners to challenge laws they feel don't adhere to Shariah and empower legislators to pass laws that could impose heavy-handed limits on freedoms of expression, worship, faith and other civil liberties. Across the country, angry citizens are calling for the government to follow its own laws and crack down on polygamy. Freedom of Worship or Freedom to Worship is the second of the Four Freedoms oil paintings produced by the American artist Norman Rockwell . <CN> Doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy a right to worship which is something all British Citizens have? Freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'British values'.
<HS> Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy. <knowl> The Holy Koran (Quran) verbatim as Law, Fundamentalist Islamic Shia (Sharia) Laws, Ancient Islamic Customs (Hadith) as Laws. The brotherhood advocates the introduction of strict Islamic Sharia laws in Jordan. The controversy centers on the phrasing of key articles that expand the role of Islamic Sharia laws. For example, 29 percent said sharia, the Islamic legal and moral code, should be more important than French national law. President Obama, "Iraq was the wrong War, Afghanistan is the right War".motegaze - All "moslems" are terrorists, right?Just the majority of the over 1.5 Billion Islamic Believers that are Fundamentalist Islamic Believers, that use the Holy Koran as Law, Sharia Laws, Hadith Laws. <CN> No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
<HS> Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy. <knowl> The practice of polygamy is a legacy of the early teachings of the Mormon church. His polygamy ârevelation" was put into The Doctrine and Covenants, one of three sacred texts of Mormonism. Smith was the first of 33 plural wives of Mormon founder Joseph Smith. But ultimately, sanity prevailed, for the good of both the Mormons and the United States. Polygamy is a legacy of the early teachings of the Mormon church but has no place in modern Mormonism, church officials said in a statement. <CN> Isn't polygamy common to a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. Ask the Mormons.
<HS> Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy. <knowl> Across the country, angry citizens are calling for the government to follow its own laws and crack down on polygamy. Traditional criminal laws against polygamy seem vulnerable to this same constitutional logic. The law was first enacted in the 1890s and the Utah Constitution also forbids polygamy. Similarly, the state of Utah can offer no compelling justification for criminalizing polygamy," Barnard wrote. a law professor at Emory University who recently published The Western Case for Monogamy over Polygamy. <CN> Evidence for this? This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy. <knowl> "Sharia law is the law which is used to behead women in Islamic countries who have been raped. But both their records are devoid of pushing for Sharia law. No need to ban sharia law as this law will never be more important than the current SECULAR law. Specifically, the courts shall not consider Sharia Law" or other international laws. Sharia law is the reason women in Islamic countries can't drive. <CN> Even if people follow Sharia Law, it does not mean that country has to accept it officially.
<HS> Muslims are a problem in my opinion. They do not want to assimilate. They demand that everyone shows respect for Islam, but do they respect our laws? They establish sharia laws and polygamy. <knowl> The controversy centers on the phrasing of key articles that expand the role of Islamic Sharia laws. Collier said he is a former Mormon who was excommunicated for polygamy and now belongs to no religious organization. Across the country, angry citizens are calling for the government to follow its own laws and crack down on polygamy. Traditional criminal laws against polygamy seem vulnerable to this same constitutional logic. The law was first enacted in the 1890s and the Utah Constitution also forbids polygamy. <CN> To be fair, I would guess its hard to feel a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> This is a human rights abuse and it has to stop, she says. For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. This type of anti-Muslim rhetoric is deployed by some candidates in an apparent attempt to tap into hostility among the voters who make up the base of the party. There are so many opportunities here and there is no way that girls should miss out on that because of FGM. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. <CN> Fgm is a serious human rights abuse. If you really care about stopping it, I think you should focus your energy on campaigning against it, not using it to support your anti-Muslim rhetoric.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. This year's theme is "Empowering Adolescent Girls: Ending the Cycle of Violence. The same now has to be true of those parents who allow FGM. "Wherever communities [that practise FGM] are residing, it is a problem," she said. <CN> Christians also practise FGM. It is not a uniquely Muslim problem.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> If at least 200,000 girls are at risk of FGM in the U.S., chances are that one of them lives in your community. More than 140 million women and girls worldwide have suffered FGM, with up to 98% of girls mutilated in certain African, Middle Eastern and Asian countries. For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. "People at risk of FGM after deportation should be given the same status as those at risk of domestic violence. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. <CN> Fgm is not a Muslim-only issue. It is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> This dynamism hasn't been limited to the intersection of American Muslims with the prevailing culture. Is it a function of the scale of immigration from Muslim countries over the past decade? A campaign against FGM is not a covert attack on Islam and no one should worry about "religious sensitivities". For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. <CN> Many Islamic scholars actively campaign against FGM, it is not mentioned in the Qaran and is banned in a number of Muslim countries. This is a cultural problem, not a religious one.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> This year's theme is "Empowering Adolescent Girls: Ending the Cycle of Violence. If at least 200,000 girls are at risk of FGM in the U.S., chances are that one of them lives in your community. That's in part because of tough new laws due to be enacted on July 17 in Britain, where an estimated 20,000 girls under the age of 15 are at risk of FGM every year. Schools that suspect a girl has undergone FGM will now have to report it to police. It's that this time the expletive-ridden tirade is coming from the lips of a black woman. <CN> 26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British Asian and abhor FGM. They are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. And we have to afford that same assumption of innocence to Muslims. She estimates that 3 percent of the worldwide community are radical Medina Muslims, the other 97 percent being mainstream Mecca Muslims. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. <CN> Fgm is not a Muslim practice. It is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. Not all Muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are Muslim!
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> If at least 200,000 girls are at risk of FGM in the U.S., chances are that one of them lives in your community. For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. This year's theme is "Empowering Adolescent Girls: Ending the Cycle of Violence. This act tragicallyÂ fails to upholdÂ the UK's zero tolerance to FGM. <CN> Fgm is not only practised by Muslims. It is a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> If at least 200,000 girls are at risk of FGM in the U.S., chances are that one of them lives in your community. For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. "People at risk of FGM after deportation should be given the same status as those at risk of domestic violence. "The head of the Muslim Council of Britain welcomed the findings. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. <CN> The Muslim Council of Britain agrees that FGM is against Islamic teachings. Muslims disagree with FGM. Stop spreading negative stereotypes!
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> That's in part because of tough new laws due to be enacted on July 17 in Britain, where an estimated 20,000 girls under the age of 15 are at risk of FGM every year. For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. "Many Christians think that this regime is good for us," said Aya, a 51-year-old from Aleppo who fled to Beirut in October. Schools that suspect a girl has undergone FGM will now have to report it to police. <CN> Mgm FGM have been in Britain for hundreds of years. It is never acceptable but it does not come from just one country or ideology.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> That is a false comparison designed to draw attention away from the failure of Islam as a governing force by countries like Egypt, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, etc. His conversion initiated a spiritual odyssey that took him to several Muslim countries, including Saudi Arabia, where he adopted and then rejected the ultraconservative Wahhabi approach to Islam. The pollster, Ipsos-Mori, does monthly surveys in 24 countries, three of which are majority Muslim - Turkey, Indonesia and Saudi Arabia. "One of the points I want to make is, is that if you actually took the number of Muslims Americans, we'd be one of the largest Muslim countries in the world," he said. There's a lot in the Islamic tradition that people in this country . . . <CN> Fgm is not widely practised in Muslim countries like Morocco, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Jordan. It is a cultural thing, many Muslims do not do it.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. That's in part because of tough new laws due to be enacted on July 17 in Britain, where an estimated 20,000 girls under the age of 15 are at risk of FGM every year. Taina Bien-Aimé, executive director of the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women, and a longtime anti-FGM campaigner, said: These figures reflect the consequences of indifference to human rights violations against girls and African girls in particular. Schools that suspect a girl has undergone FGM will now have to report it to police. <CN> I agree that we need to tackle this serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> If at least 200,000 girls are at risk of FGM in the U.S., chances are that one of them lives in your community. For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. "People at risk of FGM after deportation should be given the same status as those at risk of domestic violence. There are so many opportunities here and there is no way that girls should miss out on that because of FGM. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. <CN> The problem is, it seems to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your Islamophobia. Fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and you do not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> It is estimated that there are 24,000 girls at risk of female genital mutilation. Paula Kweskin: "If 200,000 girls are at risk of female genital mutilation in the U.S., chances are that one of them lives in your community. Better services are needed for survivors, including refuges for women at risk of female genital mutilation. If at least 200,000 girls are at risk of FGM in the U.S., chances are that one of them lives in your community. For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. <CN> Female Genital Mutilation occurs in non-Muslim societies (including Christian and Animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to religion.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> If at least 200,000 girls are at risk of FGM in the U.S., chances are that one of them lives in your community. For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. "People at risk of FGM after deportation should be given the same status as those at risk of domestic violence. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. But that couldn't make me forget the estimated 6000 girls that are cut every day, or the suffering of the countless African female migrants in this country who are traumatized survivors of FGM. <CN> Fgm is very serious breach of human rights which we need to address as an international community but it does not come from Islam, we need to look at the whole problem to tackle it.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. There are so many opportunities here and there is no way that girls should miss out on that because of FGM. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. This year's theme is "Empowering Adolescent Girls: Ending the Cycle of Violence. There is no endorsement of FGM in the Bible, the Tanakh or Quran. <CN> The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
<HS> It is obvious that this girl is at risk of FGM. Her parents are Muslims! <knowl> This was one of the earliest skills attained by the Muslims. For almost 20 years, the US government has known that thousands of girls were at risk of FGM and yet sat back and did nothing to tackle this violence. Campaigners are now calling for immediate action to deal with the state of emergency for all girls at risk of FGM. This year's theme is "Empowering Adolescent Girls: Ending the Cycle of Violence. "Wherever communities [that practise FGM] are residing, it is a problem," she said. <CN> Where do you get this misconception of that only Muslims practise FGM?
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> For his services in the campaign , he was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire . Following the outbreak of the Second World War , Gale was appointed Deputy Assistant Quartermaster General of the III Corps , which was deployed to France with the new British Expeditionary Force in 1940 . For his contribution to the victory in the Tunisia Campaign , he was created a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in August 1943 . Gale 's job , which Eisenhower called " unique in the history of war " , was to coordinate the two . Lieutenant General Sir Humfrey Myddelton Gale KBE , CB , CVO , MC ( 4 October 1890 - 8 April 1971 ) was an officer in the British Army who served in the First and Second World War , during which he was Chief Administrative Officer at Allied Forces Headquarters and later SHAEF under General of the Army Dwight Eisenhower . <CN> During the depression following the second world war, Muslims from across the world were invited to Britain to help combat austerity. It worked. They were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the British Empire.
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> The family are in hiding because of the death threats they have received from the race hate groups they have exposed. In more recent times, she has been criticised during debate of race hate laws - namely controversial section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act. Acting Prime Minister Warren Truss said the race hate laws will not be changed. For example, in June 2016, 472 race hate crimes were dealt with by forces in North, South and West Yorkshire - the same number as in March 2016, three months before the referendum was held. The death of Anderson was the tragic nadir of a series of race-hate attacks committed by the group. <CN> I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> The Masjids where this hateful deity is worshipped teaches hate for the non-Muslims. "In fact, I know a number of Muslims who hate Jews and are not self hating. No country likes its Muslim borders, Greece hates Turkey, India hates Pakistan, Egypt hates Israel, Sudan hates... <CN> When 400,000 Muslims died in WW1 for Britain, seems to me like this hate is very one sided.
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> And, in my opinion, that's not race hate, it's just realism. The family are in hiding because of the death threats they have received from the race hate groups they have exposed. Malcolm Turnbull has told the Human Rights Commission it needs to "very soberly and carefully" reflect on how it is handling race hate-speech cases. This is England now, foreigners have 48 hours to fuck right off. Nationalism has undergone many facelifts and taken many forms in Great Britain. <CN> Race hate has always had its roots in far right paranoia. Migrants in the UK have always worked hard and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> The family are in hiding because of the death threats they have received from the race hate groups they have exposed. In more recent times, she has been criticised during debate of race hate laws - namely controversial section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act. So the reclamation argument does not apply, unless it's OK for a race-hate word to be reclaimed by people who do not own it. The man had allegedly encouraged people in conflict zones to kill Jewish people. A South Australian man charged with terrorism-related offences is understood to have promoted race hate across the western suburbs for at least the past six years. <CN> So race hate started when Westerners could not tolerate other people who had different beliefs?
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> Unifor bused in taxi drivers from across Ontario and Quebec for the protest. Regulatory restrictions force traditional taxi drivers to compete with one hand tied behind their back. French taxi drivers protesting against the ridesharing service Ube have set fires and clashed with police in Paris. Victims included a woman on a bicycle, a farmer in his field and at least two fellow taxi drivers. More than 80% were classed as race hate crimes, with others involved religion, disability, sexual orientation and transgender victims. <CN> Hate really? Even the doctors, surgeons, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the Manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. See where I am going?
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> "In fact, I know a number of Muslims who hate Jews and are not self hating. No country likes its Muslim borders, Greece hates Turkey, India hates Pakistan, Egypt hates Israel, Sudan hates... Experience of Muslims in America show that hateful depictions are associated with incidents of hate crimes and discrimination. <CN> Are you suggesting that their very existence is an excuse for your hate?
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> As many as seven million people in the UK take statins to help lower cholesterol and combat heart disease. Last month it emerged that millions more patients in the UK could be prescribed statins to help prevent cardiovascular disease. The Department of Health in England said: "We want the UK to be the best place in the world to survive cancer. two- thirds of patients (in the UK) face an unacceptable delay. Spending on health is £200 a head more than in England. <CN> Muslims and others were invited into the UK after they fought and died in the second world protecting the UK because we needed help to rebuild the UK and they still do a great job keeping the NHS, transport and everything else going, despite us hating them.
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> "In fact, I know a number of Muslims who hate Jews and are not self hating. No country likes its Muslim borders, Greece hates Turkey, India hates Pakistan, Egypt hates Israel, Sudan hates... In a few cases, people accused of hate crimes against Muslims and others have even cited Mr. Trump. <CN> Perhaps you should monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> What's happened to us that we live in such fear and hatred instead of love and kindness toward each other? More than 80% were classed as race hate crimes, with others involved religion, disability, sexual orientation and transgender victims. "Major Hasan in Texas was inspired by this part of the Koran, as are millions of others and they have been for centuries. You know what I hate?I hate flying airliners into skyscrapers, killing thousands of people. <CN> Really? For every example of hate there are a hundred examples of love tolerance and kindness just like for every other religion.
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> The family are in hiding because of the death threats they have received from the race hate groups they have exposed. The Board of Deputies of British Jews has described the quenelle as "antisemitic" and says Dieudonné "has form for race hate". In more recent times, she has been criticised during debate of race hate laws - namely controversial section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act. Critics of the cartoon have described it as a racist and hateful smear of indigenous parents. The death of Anderson was the tragic nadir of a series of race-hate attacks committed by the group. <CN> Do you think maybe race hate actually started in England when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> In more recent times, she has been criticised during debate of race hate laws - namely controversial section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act. The family are in hiding because of the death threats they have received from the race hate groups they have exposed. Ms Reutt said flyers were distributed in her letterbox, and those of neighbours. As promised he forged ahead with a private bill to water down race-hate speech laws and, in the process, secured the signatures of 12 of his coalition colleagues. Acting Prime Minister Warren Truss said the race hate laws will not be changed. <CN> [gif of someone looking skeptical] i mean, race hate is almost entirely directed at minorities so you seem to be suggesting that race hate began when far right paranoia found it is the newest target.
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> Ismat Sarah Mangla is a journalist in New York City and a member of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community. In order to sustain a whole faith community, however, communication and sharing among men and women is very important. "We believe that this is significant step in the Muslim community to counteract the hate and fanaticism in the minority of the community. "But the truth is, we do have a problem in our Muslim community. You will see today and in the days thereafter extra N.Y.P.D. presence protecting our mosques and protecting the people of our Muslim community. <CN> [positive example of Muslim community] when the Muslim community [is doing this] do you really think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? Clearly the Muslim community doesn't.
<HS> Islam is all about hate! When Muslims first set foot in Britain was when race hate started in England! <knowl> "In fact, I know a number of Muslims who hate Jews and are not self hating. When someone in your mosque speaks hatefully about Jews, know that he is putting your Muslim children more at risk. The family are in hiding because of the death threats they have received from the race hate groups they have exposed. <CN> [quote from Quran about peace and love] lol don't look like it m8.
<HS> Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? Its common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology. <knowl> We need to use common sense with the who-what-where of the threat: It is the toxic ideology of Islam. The Ignorant 5 is the new KKK and twice as deadly. Racism has existed in all countries ever since the invention of the scapegoat. And with racism now plaguing America like an incurable cancer, all thinking Americans should be more respective to Islam as an already proven solution to the race problem. America needs a center-right party that will support common-sense gun laws. <CN> You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
<HS> Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? Its common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology. <knowl> America needs a center-right party that will support common-sense gun laws. Gov. Doug Ducey hopes common sense will prevail in the event, he said. America needs a center-right party that will support common-sense fiscal policy. I'm also a believer in good judgment and common sense," he told the affiliate. Using judgment and common sense in expressing oneself were denounced as antithetical to freedom of speech. <CN> I mean, we could call it religious motivated hate if you like which, coincidentally, is what the law calls it.
<HS> Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? Its common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology. <knowl> We need common-sense gun laws, common-sense gender equality and religious pluralism and common-sense privacy laws. In Cain's telling, it is not just business executives and management types who embody common sense leadership and common sense solutions. Return to common sense, return to common sense, return to common sense, return to common sense, return to common sense, return to common sense. I [already] had, plus the words 'common sense,' because I have a lot of common sense and I have a lot of business ability. Traditionally, common sense has come in both right and left varieties. <CN> Prejudice = Pre-judging ie not knowing anything how can that be common sense?
<HS> Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? It's common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology. <knowl> It is also an ideology - supremacist, bigoted, aggressive, totalitarian and imperialist. Using judgment and common sense in expressing oneself were denounced as antithetical to freedom of speech. but it's certainly not racist - I've experienced racism myself - it's something I do not condone. One post read: "I'm not an atheist because I'm ignorant of the reality of religious scripture. "This hate comes from an awful place; this hate is born of racism and we must say that out loud. <CN> The semantics of your hate does not change that it is still there.
<HS> Being 'ignorant' and 'prejudiced' towards Islam isn't racism? It's common sense. You cannot be racist towards an ideology. <knowl> I would say, by any common-sense definition, we are in a recession. It's more of a common-sense definition: Google Docs is an app, Wikipedia is not. "I need you to exercise good sense and sound judgement, think carefully about what you say and how you say it. Hire contact center agents who have a wealth of common sense. America needs a center-right party that will support common-sense gun laws. <CN> Common Sense definition: 'good sense and sound judgement in practical matters'; prejudice definition: 'preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience'. Nope you're wrong.
<HS> We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years. <knowl> "We are not at war with Islam or Muslims," she continued. He said Americans "are not—and never will be—at war with Islam. The terrorists want Muslims everywhere to believe the West is at war with Islam. Nearly all the candidates tweeted out some version of Yes Hillary, we're at war with radical Islam! Do you agree with that characterization, radical Islam?CLINTON: I don't think we're at war with Islam. <CN> Or have we been coexisting and you are now suddenly offended by people being different from you?
<HS> We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years. <knowl> "We are not at war with Islam or Muslims," she continued. The West is at war with Islam, they say, and you must strike out to defend your fellow Muslims. "I dont think were at war with Islam, I dont think were at war with all Muslims," Clinton said. He said Americans "are not—and never will be—at war with Islam. The terrorists want Muslims everywhere to believe the West is at war with Islam. <CN> You sound a bit paranoid mate, I do not think Muslims feel the same way.
<HS> We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years. <knowl> In 1997 the British Army created a recruiting ad re - using Leete 's image substituting Kitchener 's face with that of a British Army non - commissioned officer of African descent . The West is at war with Islam, they say, and you must strike out to defend your fellow Muslims. Hughes was in the British Army until recently and served in Afghanistan. Leete 's drawing of Kitchener was the most famous image used in the British Army recruitment campaign of World War I. Throughout the spring of 1778 , White was engaged in attacking British Army detachments . <CN> Do you know there are Muslims in British Army? [link to Muslim people currently in British Army, quotes from them about why? Quotes from army about recruitment?].
<HS> We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years. <knowl> "We are not at war with Islam or Muslims," she continued. "I dont think were at war with Islam, I dont think were at war with all Muslims," Clinton said. He said Americans "are not—and never will be—at war with Islam. Mr. Kasich told reporters in Minneapolis, We are not at war with Islam; we're at war with radical Islam. The terrorists want Muslims everywhere to believe the West is at war with Islam. <CN> Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
<HS> We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years. <knowl> "We are not at war with Islam or Muslims," she continued. We are at war with people who perverted Islam," he said. The West is at war with Islam, they say, and you must strike out to defend your fellow Muslims. "I dont think were at war with Islam, I dont think were at war with all Muslims," Clinton said. He said Americans "are not—and never will be—at war with Islam. <CN> 2.5 million Muslims travelled to Europe to fight for the Allies in WW1.
<HS> We have been at war with Islam for a thousand years. <knowl> "We are not at war with Islam or Muslims," she continued. This is a war for the soul of Islam and the Muslim nations must become more heavily engaged. "I dont think were at war with Islam, I dont think were at war with all Muslims," Clinton said. The United States is not and will never be at war with Islam." He said Americans "are not—and never will be—at war with Islam. <CN> To the contrary, we have been trading with Muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other European nations.
<HS> They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult. <knowl> Pretending that Muslims are "children of God" does not help anyone or anything. Imam Mohammad Hamad, president of the Islamic Society of Sheboygan, appreciated Mr. Obama's emphasis on religious freedom. But Americans, with their deep tradition of religious tolerance and appreciation for religious freedoms should understand that Islamic Sharia is based on the same principles that they call Judeo-Christian values. We have nothing to fear from peaceful Muslims who seek peace and the dignity of others as people of good will. The "peaceful" muslims are in this jihad up to their eyeballs. <CN> Does prohibition of anything ever work? I thought religious tolerance was one of our 'British values'?
<HS> They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult. <knowl> The "peaceful" muslims are in this jihad up to their eyeballs. No matter if Obama is considered (by Islamic Law) a muslim. Islam is not a peaceful religion, its a cult following medieval beliefs and thrives on fear and force/violence and promotes violence against non-muslims through their books and Imams. Women's rights groups in the conservative Islamic kingdom have been agitating for a change in the rules. Let them build a shrine to Islam on the hallowed ground where radicalized Muslims killed 3,000 Americans. <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult. <knowl> The "peaceful" muslims are in this jihad up to their eyeballs. No matter if Obama is considered (by Islamic Law) a muslim. In spirit, Islamic finance seeks to promote social justice by banning exploitative practices. So what gives him the right to pontificate on Islam , British Muslims or ' the hellfire ' ? Islam is not a peaceful religion, its a cult following medieval beliefs and thrives on fear and force/violence and promotes violence against non-muslims through their books and Imams. <CN> You cannot blame all people for the actions of a few. Banning something altogether will not solve anything.
<HS> They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult. <knowl> These stories — of the silent majority of peaceful Muslims — are not headline-worthy. The fact of the matter is that 60 people, 60 Muslims died on 9/11. We have nothing to fear from peaceful Muslims who seek peace and the dignity of others as people of good will. The "peaceful" muslims are in this jihad up to their eyeballs. Mr. Ryan reiterated his opposition to Mr. Trump's repeated calls for banning Muslims from entering the U.S. and drew a clear delineation between peaceful Muslims and more militant groups,... <CN> If someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. But as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful Muslims.
<HS> They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult. <knowl> Turkey is a Muslim country and all throughout the world, there are about 1.6 billion Muslims and 35 countries practice some kind of Sharia Law. Many people here point out certain Islamic practices found in many Islamic dominated countries in the world. Most Muslims prefer democracyWide majorities of Muslims in most countries say they prefer democracy over a strong leader, which is Pew's standard question for determining support for democracy. All I see is non-muslims getting killed in various muslim countries or they fleeing the coutry in fear. To be sure, there are patriarchal rules in fiqh, and many of these are legislated in modern Muslim-majority countries. <CN> Islam does not agitate for war or violence. On the countrary, most of the 50 Muslim-majority countries around the world are at peace. Uk is a Christian-majority country, while there have been knife and gun issues over the last 20 years.
<HS> They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult. <knowl> No matter if Obama is considered (by Islamic Law) a muslim. Among Muslims who say people of different religions are very free to practice their faith, three-quarters or more in each country say this is a good thing. Even the most rigid Muslim clerics accept that not everybody is obliged to fast during Ramadan. Islam is not a peaceful religion, its a cult following medieval beliefs and thrives on fear and force/violence and promotes violence against non-muslims through their books and Imams. Your so-called religion honors neither Islam nor Prophet Mohammed, nor will it ever silence other faiths. <CN> To ban people you respect from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does seem more than a bit unfair?
<HS> They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult. <knowl> Islamization begins when there are sufficient Muslims in a country to agitate for their religious privileges. Islamization occurs when there are sufficient Muslims in a country to agitate for their so-called "religious rights. Islam is not a peaceful religion, its a cult following medieval beliefs and thrives on fear and force/violence and promotes violence against non-muslims through their books and Imams. They are not peaceful, are loyal only to the Islamic cult and have avowed to crush every society they infest. If Islam was so peaceful and tolerant of other religions, why wouldn't they openly side with our radical right? <CN> When you say 'cult' you imply a minor religious group, but I isn't Islam one of the worlds major religions.
<HS> They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult. <knowl> Omar called on the clerics to make their decision "in light of Islamic law." Not so in Islam, in which most scholars (Islam has no central authority) deem fixed-interest payments forbidden. The varied traditions of Islamic jurisprudence assign different weights to scripture, tradition, reason and consensus in the interpretation of Islamic law. Three scholars, in particular, have had an outsized influence on Islamic State's religious ideology. It's a variant of the Obama-is-a-Muslim line, with a sheen of supposed expertise in Islamic law to make it seem more authoritative. <CN> Although, in June 2018, for example, more than 2,000 Afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an Islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in Afghanistan is forbidden under the Islamic law'. So clearly not all Muslim clerics are warmongers.
<HS> They only way to cope with Islam and sharia is to ban them from the UK. Though I respect the peaceful Muslims, all their clerics are agitating for war, and Islam is a cult. <knowl> Government-approved Orthodox Christian, Muslim and Jewish clerics routinely traveled abroad on Soviet publicity trips. The latest issue of Dabiq, the Islamic State's propaganda magazine, publicized a hit list of prominent Muslims living in the West that it wants its proxies to target. Too many liberals accept discrimination in the name of Islam, leaving reform-minded Muslims and others hanging. Women's rights groups in the conservative Islamic kingdom have been agitating for a change in the rules. <CN> From what I have heard, clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully, so I am not sure why you would think that someone is agitating for war? Plus, this is not a way to be.
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> Islam teaches you that when you see anything bad or evil, you should speak out against it. This type of Jihad takes place only when the Islamic state is invading other [countries] in order to spread the word of Islam and to remove obstacles standing in its way." LUKE 19:27 - New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures (WOW! Genesis 19:36 - New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures (WOW! Their understanding of Islam comes from what they are taught by others. <CN> Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> They try to portray themselves as religious leaders, holy warriors in defense of Islam. "Consider that the other target of the terrorists was a kosher store serving Jews. But an overwhelming majority of Muslims worldwide reject the Qaeda ideology and condemn terrorist attacks. "Of course, it is undeniable that some Muslims butcher others in the name of Islam. Muslim's just don't ever seem to speak out against radical Islam's violence in great numbers do they Joe?Occasionally, you will see isolated instances of courageous, decent Muslims speaking out against the horrors and evils of radical Islam. <CN> I do not think Islam is evil. The Qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. The reputation of Muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> "Of course, it is undeniable that some Muslims butcher others in the name of Islam. We as Ennahda, we follow Islam, and Islam is all about equality of men and women. But she noted that Islam also includes passionate believers in gender equality, like her own father or the father of Malala Yousafzai. Meanwhile, the Islamic State has issued several fatwas against Oubrou — most recently in the spring issue of Dar-al-Islam, its Francophone magazine. The party recently acceded to secularists' demands to exclude any reference to Islamic law, or sharia, from the constitution's preamble, and officials note that two other clauses in the constitution refer to equality between men and women. <CN> Why do you think Islam is evil? The major beliefs in Islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. For instance, they teach people to respect the lands and all creatures.
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> Iranian women have among the fewest children of anyone in the Muslim world. A lot of Muslims grow up in their lifestyle, and we're different. The survey participants did not reflect the true percentage of Christians and Muslims in the world. Islamic extremism widely rejected, but still a concernCarrying out violent acts in the name of Islam is strongly rejected by Muslims around the world, according to the survey. Fiyaz Mughal, the interfaith expert, argues that even though the countries surveyed might not be representative of the entire Muslim world, the findings about Muslims rang broadly true. <CN> The number of Muslims in the world is fast growing. Do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will have that many followers?
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> Meanwhile, many other countries have large Sunni majorities, including Egypt, Jordan and Saudi Arabia. Sai Baba encouraged his devotees to pray , chant God 's name , and read holy scriptures . "Others caution that it's early in the crisis to say how anything will play out. Haredi claim it violates their religious right to study the holy scriptures, a foundation of Jewish life. Galea's plans were to recruit at least five other capable persons to assist with his plan. <CN> It's too early to guess the results of the next census, but all indications are that 'persons of no faith' are an increasing majority.
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> LUKE 19:27 - New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures (WOW! Genesis 19:36 - New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures (WOW! Envy means wanting to tear others down instead of to build yourself up. To appease their clerics, they allowed them to repress Saudi subjects and to export the extremist brand of Islam to Pakistan, Afghanistan and a dozen other countries. This just continues the cycle as others see those comments and want that acceptance. <CN> I do not think that wanting to learn more about different countries can be described as envy?
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> LUKE 19:27 - New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures (WOW! Genesis 19:36 - New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures (WOW! The non-alcoholic beer could soon be available in other countries, including the U.S., AdAge reports. It was the self-indulgence of prohibitionists who insist on exporting their disastrous policy to other countries. Haredi claim it violates their religious right to study the holy scriptures, a foundation of Jewish life. <CN> Doesn't 'prohibition' always fail because it adds a certain glamour that protrudes the opposite of the intended effect?
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> Islam has proven itself to be incapable of coexisting with anyone or anything. We know what happens to anyone who criticizes islam in Egypt or any other Islamic nation. Islam condemns to death those who convert from Islam to any other religion, democracy does NOT. It takes care of human rights and is guided by Islamic tolerance when dealing with the followers of other religions. The islamic nations of Pakistan, Iran, Indonesia, Iraq... make sure people they deem minorities based upon religion have no rights, and are second class. <CN> Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> LUKE 19:27 - New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures (WOW! Genesis 19:36 - New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures (WOW! Bishops had surrendered Holy Scriptures to be burned in the public square. And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. They arrogantly refer to anyone who is not Jewish as 'gentiles,' equating them with sin. <CN> Don't those scriptures also say, ' Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.'.
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> Meanwhile, many other countries have large Sunni majorities, including Egypt, Jordan and Saudi Arabia. The Fundamentalist Islamic Shia Republic of Iran uses the Holy Warriors of Islam as their "Proxy Fighters" Worldwide. "A lot of European countries don't tell their people we need immigration for (economic reasons)," he said, adding that government also should do more to help new immigrants assimilate. Reforms are of course needed across the crisis-ridden Muslim-majority world: political, socio-economic and, yes, religious too. For example, the report undermines the notion that Europe is heading toward having any country with a Muslim majority. <CN> I do not see that Islam is spreading that much. How many Muslim immigrants are there in EU? If you look up the statistics you will see that they do not constitute the majority. Furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> "Of course, it is undeniable that some Muslims butcher others in the name of Islam. Among Muslims who say people of different religions are very free to practice their faith, three-quarters or more in each country say this is a good thing. Given that other countries in the region have struggled to develop credible versions of Official Islam - state-sponsored religious institutions - what makes Jordan's efforts more likely to succeed? Haredi claim it violates their religious right to study the holy scriptures, a foundation of Jewish life. We'll not cease until you guys decide to be a peaceful country ... and stop going to other countries and stop occupying and killing the righteous of us who are trying to bring back religious law in our countries, Zehaf-Bibeau said in the video. <CN> Stop Islam spreading? Why so negative? People of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. I do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
<HS> Islam is Evil! That is one word that can describe it. We are in trouble as this evil is taking over countries and nations! Remember our Holy Scriptures? You shall not envy anyone anything. This includes other countries' territory. Stop Islam spreading! <knowl> Some other countries have restrictions on face veils or headscarves in schools or other public buildings, but France is the first country with a law designed to forbid the veil anywhere in public. "Muslims no longer feel accepted in Switzerland, and that is a shame, because Islam in Switzerland is a model for other European countries. The video sparked protests worldwide, starting in Egypt and Libya, and then spreading to other countries. Similar projects by Muslim women exist in several other countries, including the US, Canada and Germany. The Islamic State emerged from a group of militants in Iraq to take over large portions of Iraq and Syria, and now threatens other countries in Europe and elsewhere. <CN> Probably you are making a hasty generalization. I do not think Islam is taking over countries and nations. Do you know the statistics of all the immigrants in UK? How many of them are from EU, muslim community, and other countries?
<HS> It is not about multiculturalism but about evil Islamic ideology. Islam is designed to dominate and destroy all other cultures. Wake up! <knowl> The view that the various cultures in a society merit equal respect and scholarly interest. The argument pits respect for core Western principles against tolerance for other cultures and religions. First off, the point of a patriotic song is not to avoid offending other cultures. But valuing diversity does not mean you support the genocide of your own culture and people. Around 2000, I realized that the democratic struggle against the Islamization of Europe, and European multiculturalism, was lost. <CN> No it isn't and there is nothing wrong in respecting and understanding all peoples.
<HS> It is not about multiculturalism but about evil Islamic ideology. Islam is designed to dominate and destroy all other cultures. Wake up! <knowl> The argument pits respect for core Western principles against tolerance for other cultures and religions. A brief glossary of some of the most commonly used words and phrases in Islamic religion and culture. In a full-frontal attack on Islamophobia, a group of Muslim comedians hit Georgia, Alabama and Tennessee to combat stereotypes. Dictionary.com defines multiculturalism as "the preservation of different cultures or cultural identities within a unified society, as a state or nation. Various Arab and Muslim writers blame Iran and Israel; others point to the West's policies in the Middle East and the Muslim world. <CN> Do you know that much about Muslim culture? Dominating and destroying is not about them. You should first talk to experts in religion and then make up your opinion. Do not repeat stereotypes!
<HS> It is not about multiculturalism but about evil Islamic ideology. Islam is designed to dominate and destroy all other cultures. Wake up! <knowl> But they don't blame Western multiculturalism for the rise of home-grown Islamism. there is a need to study honor crimes in the United States that involve victims and perpetrators from other cultures, like India, or extremist ideologies. She then mused about the role that Islam may have played in the tragedy, dismissing the idea of a clash between Islam and the West. Heaven forbid we should learn about other cultures when .03% of them are terrorists -- while more than 99% are good, honest, moral people," posted another. There's evidence everywhere of conservative Islam: modest dress shops, Salafi bookstores. <CN> Dominating and destroying all other cultures are not the doctrine of Islamic ideology. Instead, Islam teaches people to care for the poor and children. This includes respecting other cultures.
<HS> It is not about multiculturalism but about evil Islamic ideology. Islam is designed to dominate and destroy all other cultures. Wake up! <knowl> The argument pits respect for core Western principles against tolerance for other cultures and religions. Around 2000, I realized that the democratic struggle against the Islamization of Europe, and European multiculturalism, was lost. But multiculturalism is not a Marxist ideology carefully plotted by the "Saul Alinksy radicals" so loathed by Newt Gingrich. But Breivik's paranoia does conform to a popular -- wholly negative -- view of the twin problems of Islam and multiculturalism. The archipelago of otherness created by liberal multiculturalism is now seeking to complete the circle by achieving political otherness as well. <CN> My friend, but do you really know what Islammic ideology is?
<HS> It is not about multiculturalism but about evil Islamic ideology. Islam is designed to dominate and destroy all other cultures. Wake up! <knowl> The argument pits respect for core Western principles against tolerance for other cultures and religions. It is sad to see so much hate in this country and little education about other cultures and religions. This new attention to religion is, at its base, predominantly about Islam. The recent debate over whether the Islamic State is Islamic is one example. It preached that divine revelation could be found in other religions and so practiced tolerance in the lands that it conquered -- a kind of Islamic multiculturalism. <CN> The main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? Can you elaborate? Having read more about Islam, I can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
<HS> Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH! <knowl> If you are tolerant of others, they will be tolerant of you. "If Cross is convicted of a federal hate crime, he could face life in prison. Christianity, Islam, and Judaism are all three religions that are derived from the teachings of Christ. The history of Christianity and Islam offers great insights into the ways organized religion spread all over the world. Laws are not based off of any religion or at least none of our laws are based off of Christianity. <CN> I only wish followers of all religions and none were more tolerant. For a tolerant Christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.
<HS> Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH! <knowl> He wants to be spreading misinformation about the religion of Islam.... The textbook is a very cleaned up version of Islam, Porterfield said. "In "World History: Patterns of Interaction," Cargill said she found inequalities in subsections pertaining to Islam, like "Benefits and Practices of Islam." The Oklahoma City bombing was done by Christians in the name of Christianity. What a member of a suburban megachurch in Texas calls Christianity may be radically different from what an impoverished coffee picker in the hills of Guatemala calls Christianity. <CN> If that were true would not there only be one version of Islam not the many different interpretations and diverse nations and communities. Just like Christianity it has different interpretations, there are good and bad people in each, and good and bad leaders.
<HS> Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH! <knowl> Our religion is Islam and is nothing close to this religion. Does it mean every Christian in the world supports these atrocities? what prophet mohammed preached islam has extremist just like every other religion. We respect the Christian and Jewish faiths why not the Islamic one. This new attention to religion is, at its base, predominantly about Islam. <CN> No it isn't and most 'tolerant' places in the world accept all religions.
<HS> Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH! <knowl> In the last hundred years CHRISTIANS have killed more than one hundred MILLION people, mostly CHRISTIANS and JEWS.This does not mean that Christian Religion is bad. If you simply say that Hindus are tolerant people and Christians and Muslims are not your credibility will not enhance. Yet such extremists do far more damage to the global reputation of Islam than all the world's Islamophobes put together. During much of its history Christianity was strikingly intolerant; during its period of political and cultural supremacy, Islam was remarkably tolerant. Anti-Semitism runs deep in some Muslim countries today, but, for most of history, Muslims were more tolerant of Jews than Christians were. <CN> The Christian world can be far from tolerant. Muslims in the US are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward LGBT people than Christians. Maybe we can all learn something from them?
<HS> Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH! <knowl> Most of Indonesia's 240 million people follow a moderate form of Islam. Egypt's religious tradition is anchored in a moderate, tolerant view of Islam. "There has been a pattern of escalating hate speech toward Muslims, with people saying that Islam is an evil religion," Mr. Marayati said. At certain points in their histories, both Christianity and Islam have been intolerant of other religions, often of each other, even to the point of violence. <CN> Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
<HS> Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH! <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. "Islamic extremism for the majority of Muslims is an oxymoron," he explained to the agents. These ultraviolent people don't speak for the majority of Muslims, who practice their religion peacefully. NONE of these = ArabThese make up the majority of the billion-odd Muslims in the world. Its wrong to judge Christianity on these acts, and its wrong to judge Islam on the acts of extremists. <CN> It is no more totalitarian than any other religion. Only extremists using Islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. These aren't reflective of the majority of Muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
<HS> Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH! <knowl> Islam is a belief system that incorporates religious belief and a legal system. These included common religions like Christianity and Islam along with rarer religions such as Zahv, the belief system of the Akha people in south-east Asia. It is time to undo this conflation of religion and politics. This new attention to religion is, at its base, predominantly about Islam. Religion, politics and social movements are not always separate from one another. <CN> Islam is belief system that contributed to prominent scientific, political, and social innovations that ordered and improved the world.
<HS> Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH! <knowl> [Islamic world] to be a source of anxiety, danger, killing and destruction for the rest of the world. Katherine Marshall is a senior fellow at Georgetown University's Berkley Center for Religion, Peace and World Affairs, a Visiting Professor, and Executive Director of the World Faiths Development Dialogue. Sisi has many shortcomings, but lack of understanding about radical Islam is not one of them. It's important that Americans understand Islam does not condone violence or the imposition of religious beliefs. The Quran — and in turn Islam — emphasizes truthfulness, as demonstrated by "Shun all words of untruth" (22:31). <CN> I am tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. Enough IS ENOUGH!
<HS> Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH! <knowl> I am a Christian also who has respect for all other religions, Islam included. And all you christians stop denying that your religion is anymore bloody than Islam. Thus, by cowardly, hypocritically and ignorantly demonizing Christianity, Iran's religion makes only itself look hideous. Let's just break this down: are you trying to honor the Christian religion by insulting Islam? I have been around the world and noticed that Freedom of Speech has only made people talk vulgar and walk around naked. <CN> The only thing that is ENOUGH is this discriminatory hate speech.
<HS> Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH! <knowl> If you really want to compare, then please compare 3rd world islamic nations with 3rd world christian nations. There are no Christian crusades, and Christianity follows the 10 Commandments. He wants to be spreading misinformation about the religion of Islam.... Does it mean every Christian in the world supports these atrocities? The world's third largest democratic nation is more than 85% Islamic. <CN> It sounds like you are saying that you have to be Christian to be tolerated, bit paradoxical do not you think?
<HS> Islam is a totalitarian doctrine dressed disguised as a religion so that it can spread across our tolerant Christian world. Enough IS ENOUGH! <knowl> Muslims are killing Jews, Christians and other infidels all over the world. Obama noted that, at one time, Christians leaned on religion to rationalize slavery, among other things. There is a wicked ideology in the world - fundamentalist religion. <CN> Oh the tolerant world that is spreading hate and fuelling discrimination against others?
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Should gay people...HANNITY: Should gay people be stoned to death?CHOUDARY: ... between man and women. Violence against gay people has increased, gay pride parades have been cancelled and NGOs calling for the protection of LGBT rights have faced sanctions and governmental wrath. There has been plenty of support for LGBT rights among Muslims. "Putin says there is no problem with discrimination against gay people. Other countries have tightened legislation that prohibits anti-gay discrimination and hate speech targeted at people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT). <CN> Well if we are talking about LGBT rights and misogyny, the Bible does not exactly have the best track record. But we've learnt to focus on positive values rather than get dragged down by specifics.
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Should gay people...HANNITY: Should gay people be stoned to death?CHOUDARY: ... between man and women. The one issue that affects all gay people - everywhere - at some point in their lives is coming out. They also render invisible the role that fundamentalist Christians, the Roman Catholic Church and Orthodox Jews play in perpetuating fear and even hatred of gays. Thus people in Turkey and Morocco do not want gay neighbors, while they value democracy highly. The German Lesbian and Gay Federation has issued statements citing Muslim immigrants as enemies of gay people. <CN> Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Voters who said they know gays are more likely to support legalizing same-sex marriage. Yes, younger people are more supportive of same sex marriage than members of the silent generation. Some people we encountered around Goulburn did identify same-sex marriage with a particular side of politics, though. She certainly was an unusual TV guest: Nora Illi, the representative for women of a Swiss Muslim group. But I do agree that Muslim leaders need to do a better job explaining Islam to non-Muslims. <CN> When Germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, all Muslim MPs voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. Which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Many reformers note that Muslims in the West, like other Europeans and Americans, share an identity informed by multiple sub-cultures. Muslims are Muslim by religion and French, British, German, American by culture. "Many Muslims want religion to play a role in politics," he says. People, go talk to some Muslims if you have any in your community. Still, many Muslims view wearing the veil as an integral expression of their faith. <CN> Many Muslims aren't homophobic and sexist, but like in any religion, some are. It is not the religion, its cultural and personal attitudes.
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Should gay people...HANNITY: Should gay people be stoned to death?CHOUDARY: ... between man and women. Well, if that was the way it worked, no gay people would be out. Usually the people who say How dare you claim to speak for all trans or gay people? The German Lesbian and Gay Federation has issued statements citing Muslim immigrants as enemies of gay people. ""They have been used to make gay people believe that you cannot be both gay and Christian. <CN> In this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. How different are we really?
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Should gay people...HANNITY: Should gay people be stoned to death?CHOUDARY: ... between man and women. The German Lesbian and Gay Federation has issued statements citing Muslim immigrants as enemies of gay people. People of many faiths have committed violent acts in the name of religion and issued threats over insults. Suppose Williams had said something hurtful to gay people instead of to Muslims. Abuse of gay people in the armed forces is rampant, and for years people have had no recourse because they feared dismissal. <CN> Many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. Islam is no better or worse.
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Should gay people...HANNITY: Should gay people be stoned to death?CHOUDARY: ... between man and women. The German Lesbian and Gay Federation has issued statements citing Muslim immigrants as enemies of gay people. Suppose Williams had said something hurtful to gay people instead of to Muslims. It shouldn't be news that— guess what — some gay people don't fit your stereotype. These depictions of immigrants — usually Muslims of Arab, South Asian, Turkish or African origin — as homophobic fanatics opportunistically ignore the existence of Muslim gays and their allies within their communities. <CN> Women and gay people face much more discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Treating women as spoils or weapons of war has been a common practice for thousands of years. While the embassy said it believes firmly in freedom of religion and freedom of expression, "we reaffirm our position that the deliberate destruction of any holy book is an abhorrent act. Suppose Williams had said something hurtful to gay people instead of to Muslims. Nor is it based on the teachings of a founder or holy book. But I'm comforted with the memory of that other time, in Detroit, when copies of our holy book withstood the flames of hatred. <CN> An ideology based on a holy book written thousands of years ago isn't likely to match up to contemporary standards of equality and tolerance, but it's not the ideology that matters, it is how followers act it out.
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Suppose Williams had said something hurtful to gay people instead of to Muslims. "It turns out," she said, "that gay people are not the victims of homophobia: homophobes are the victims of homophobia. Gay Muslims say the Quran is not as prescriptive as many imams suggest. We need to embrace gay people the same way Jews embraced us in the 1960s. But gay men and lesbians from Muslim families say they face extraordinary discrimination at home. <CN> Sexism and homophobia aren't exclusively Muslim. You only have to look at the church to see that.
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Should gay people...HANNITY: Should gay people be stoned to death?CHOUDARY: ... between man and women. "Of course there is homosexuality, gay people have existed and even been represented in Islam throughout history. The gay rights movement has gained extraordinary influence (especially at the elite level) in the United States, yet gay people are still treated brutally around the world. A few decades ago, people all over America knew and liked gay people — they just didn't realize these people were gay. On holy war, apostasy and the rights of women in Islam. <CN> Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Should gay people...HANNITY: Should gay people be stoned to death?CHOUDARY: ... between man and women. Suppose Williams had said something hurtful to gay people instead of to Muslims. Other outspoken Christians routinely say even worse things, comparing gay people to pedophiles, for example. Sue Hyde, a staff member at the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force, said plenty of churches and ministers preach a message that attacks gay people. Its president, Jarrett Barrios, said in a statement:"Anti-gay slurs feed a climate of intolerance and are often the last word that gay people, and gay youth in particular, hear before they are assaulted or bullied. <CN> Ironically, I think women and gay people feel more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack Muslims. Intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> It gets in the way of people even imagining that LGBT people can be poor. Imagine growing up hearing from those you love and trust that certain groups of people are evil. It began with gay people being allowed to openly serve in 2011, and it includes this month's announcement that all combat roles will open to women and growing criticism of the barriers to service that trans people and religious minorities face. When it comes to pre-conceived notions about gay people and gun enthusiasts, Cheng is certainly making people think twice. Her exact quote: it's time for all the gay people and all of the people of color to fight for us now. <CN> In the US, Muslims are more likely to be tolerant of LGBT+ people than Christians. Any religion can be used to persecute certain groups, it is the interpretation of it by its followers that matters.
<HS> Islam is a just a repressive ideology that persecutes women and gay people. <knowl> Should gay people...HANNITY: Should gay people be stoned to death?CHOUDARY: ... between man and women. "Of course there is homosexuality, gay people have existed and even been represented in Islam throughout history. On holy war, apostasy and the rights of women in Islam. The Koran says that women and men are garments to each other. three women say they came to Islam after much thought and spiritual searching. <CN> The same could be said for most other major religions, but have you singled out Islam here to suit your own agenda?
<HS> It appears I cannot criticize islam for being a cult which encourages wars and takes over host nations by any means justified by their scriptures. Can I critisize them for being intolerant, biased, sexist and chauvinist? <knowl> I think the reaction of most people to the planned Islamic Center is shameful. I mean, it's a fact that Islamic terrorists are a minority of muslims. So many wars have been fought between and amongst people of faith, yet it still surprises me that people believe any certain religion itself is contemptible. These ultraviolent people don't speak for the majority of Muslims, who practice their religion peacefully. The targeting of mosques and Muslim communities is becoming a concern for Muslims around the country. <CN> Have you ever truely understand the religion Islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? Islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. It is also what the majority of Muslims follow.
<HS> It appears I cannot criticize islam for being a cult which encourages wars and takes over host nations by any means justified by their scriptures. Can I critisize them for being intolerant, biased, sexist and chauvinist? <knowl> Fighting against the Majority Holy Warriors of Islam (Islamic Jihadists supported by the Majority of the Fundamentalist Islamic People of Pakistan).3. Nationalism of the Islamic Resistance Movement is part of its religion. By Fundamentalist Islamic Laws MUST Support the Holy Warriors of Islam. Did the vast majority of conquered peoples make such fine distinctions, even if a general amnesty were granted to People of the Book? The touchiness about questioning the Koran predates the latest rise of Islamic militancy. <CN> What you are saying is not true about the culture in general. Not all islamic people are like that and it is not true to claim such facts. Moreover, many non-islamic people can be blamed for being intolerant, sexist, etc. Should we deal with them first and then turn to Islamic criminals?
<HS> It appears I cannot criticize islam for being a cult which encourages wars and takes over host nations by any means justified by their scriptures. Can I critisize them for being intolerant, biased, sexist and chauvinist? <knowl> Nationalism of the Islamic Resistance Movement is part of its religion. The Fundamentalist Islamic Shia Republic of Iran has been using the "Holy Warriors of Islam" (aka Islamic Jihadists, Islamic Terrorists, etc.) as their "Proxy Fighters". So instead of yucking it up about these "ignorant" people, you should do your homework. At the same time, critics of religion must refrain from simplistic generalizations about people of faith. He stated that he talked to 'laymen' about Islam, learned about 'heaven and hell' in Islam, and read about U.S. policies towards Islam and Muslim countries. <CN> Everyone has the right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. Plus, based on what you critisize Islam? I recommend you to read something about true Islam and Muslims. You would find that they are no different from us.
<HS> It appears I cannot criticize islam for being a cult which encourages wars and takes over host nations by any means justified by their scriptures. Can I critisize them for being intolerant, biased, sexist and chauvinist? <knowl> Nationalism of the Islamic Resistance Movement is part of its religion. A war on Islam would make a war on terrorism impossible. What should one call this muslim killing muslim, if not a civil war within Islam? It would be an unprecedented act of sectarianism, alienating an entire faith tradition from the American experiment. A commitment to ijtihad, which is the struggle to reach new understandings of Islam through reflection on its scriptures, is what made Islam an expansive faith that supported scientific research and intellectual curiosity. <CN> How can you say such hateful things about an entire faith?
<HS> It appears I cannot criticize islam for being a cult which encourages wars and takes over host nations by any means justified by their scriptures. Can I critisize them for being intolerant, biased, sexist and chauvinist? <knowl> So please stop conflating criticism of Islam with discrimination of Muslims. Nationalism of the Islamic Resistance Movement is part of its religion. However, there is a civil war going on within Islam, and the non-muslims are being forced to take sides in that civil war. But their bleak outlook on Islam and the Muslim lingers on unchanged. And by the way, radical Islam poses a threat to Muslims themselves. <CN> You can criticize Islam for eveything, but please be objective. You can ask any Muslim person, and (s)he will tell you that Islam is highly misunderstood. What you state are all stereotypes about it and not an objective truth!
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> The number of unemployed people, 12.5 million, changed little in August. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. While a slight majority of Americans said that getting unemployment benefits makes people less motivated to seek work, only 40 percent of unemployed people said that it did, with half saying that it had no effect. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. Most state unemployment insurance programs cover the first 26 weeks, or six months, of unemployment, normally enough time for the vast majority of unemployed to find new work. <CN> This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> His hateful ideology and targeting of innocent civilians has been rejected by the vast majority of Muslims and people of all faiths. The vast majority of demonstrators are actually employed, and the proportion of protesters unemployed (15%) is within single digits of the national unemployment rate (9.1%).Douglas E. Schoen is a political strategist and Fox News contributor. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. <CN> There is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white British- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of Muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> Probably the most important reason for lack of equality of opportunity is education: both its quantity and quality. Most state unemployment insurance programs cover the first 26 weeks, or six months, of unemployment, normally enough time for the vast majority of unemployed to find new work. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. Today, less than half of the unemployed in this country are receiving unemployment insurance, and that percentage is decreasing rapidly. The generation of those under 15 - the vast majority born in underprivileged countries - is functionally illiterate by the hundreds of millions. <CN> Muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white British unemployment. The problem is not Muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. No religion condones the killing of innocents and the vast majority of ISIL's victims have been Muslim. But the researchers also found that that the vast majority of DNA signatures they found didn't match any known viruses -- meaning, the authors wrote, "that the vast majority of the viruses on Earth have not yet been characterized." <CN> Let's be honest a quick google search shows that simply isn't true. Please tell me where on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. According to Chaudary, Muslim women tend to be more publicly visible than Muslim men, especially if they wear hijab, making them especially vulnerable. Muslim women living in non-Muslim majority nations frequently lack intellectually and professionally equal Muslim partners. Comprehensive data on the effect of discrimination and hate crimes targeting Muslim women are hard to find. Consider these figures: Fifty-two percent of Muslim men are unemployed, compared with 47 percent of dalit men. <CN> Dwp says 11% of Muslim men and 16% of Muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. Why bother making up things?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. And although the venom of anti-Muslim sentiment is directed against both men and women, it is a particularly gendered crisis. Through clenched teeth, he ranted that Muslim men are rapists and terrorists, and that Muslim women are victims of their own oppression. In addition, the same survey showed many more Muslim men (70%) than Muslim women (54%) think marrying a non-Muslim is acceptable. In a 2007 survey (Muslim Americans: Middle Class and Mostly Mainstream) conducted by the Pew Research Center, 30% of Muslim men and 46% of Muslim women said they oppose interfaith marriage. <CN> Yeah. But no. Computer says 16% of Muslim women and 11% of Muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. If others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of by hard working family members. As I hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> His hateful ideology and targeting of innocent civilians has been rejected by the vast majority of Muslims and people of all faiths. But the vast majority of people here are people looking for work, who want a job. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. For most of recorded history, a vast majority of people began working by age 4, typically on a farm, and were full time by 10. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. <CN> How can you say this about an entire group of people from all walks of life?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. The rate of employment for Palestinians is comparable to that of Syrians. fearful of a prospective employer thinking she wouldn't put in late nights. Each year over a million of our unemployed would be able to find work. <CN> According to the Sun they are not refusing work but unemployment for Muslims is 1) due to discrimination against them, 2) that the report only looked at full time employment not P-T work, 3) say that numbers are pushed up because mums are more likely to stay at home while children are little.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> Pickles was accused of treating Muslims as in some way apart from the rest of British society. On Sunday, Dr Shuja Shafi, the secretary general of the Muslim Council of Britain, said British Muslims "condemn unreservedly the murder of our fellow Briton, David Haines". The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. The vast majority of these "holiday jihadists" did not become radicalized. Mursaleen, of British Muslim organisation Minhaj-ul-Quran UK, said of the poll: "I agree with the result, which was expected. <CN> Nearly half of all British Muslims in UK (and two thirds of them simply call themselves British) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> Job applicant Samantha Elauf did not tell her interviewer she was Muslim. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. <CN> Job applicants with non-Muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with Muslim names. Remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> The vast majority of the American people believe that unemployment benefits should be extended. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. Most state unemployment insurance programs cover the first 26 weeks, or six months, of unemployment, normally enough time for the vast majority of unemployed to find new work. A vast majority of the time, the events are free to attend. Daily News canvass of the 51 members of the Council earlier this year found the vast majority undecided about a ban. <CN> If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Obviously, the vast majority of Muslims would never do anything like this, said Maher. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. <CN> Do you really think this? So how otherwise they can support themselves?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> His hateful ideology and targeting of innocent civilians has been rejected by the vast majority of Muslims and people of all faiths. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. <CN> That is not what I observe from the many hardworking muslims contributing to our economy.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> But the vast majority of people here are people looking for work, who want a job. Most state unemployment insurance programs cover the first 26 weeks, or six months, of unemployment, normally enough time for the vast majority of unemployed to find new work. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. Advocates say the majority of those cases do not relate to a person turning down work or refusing to stay in a job. To be out of work is now officially morally worse than committing a crime. <CN> If they were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. So what is your problem?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Obviously, the vast majority of Muslims would never do anything like this, said Maher. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. <CN> How do you know this? Do you have any proof, official papers?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric and threatening to bans Muslim immigration or engage in special surveillance of Muslims "hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. His hateful ideology and targeting of innocent civilians has been rejected by the vast majority of Muslims and people of all faiths. Obviously, the vast majority of Muslims would never do anything like this, said Maher. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. <CN> Discrimination by employers in Europe against Muslims has been noted to be a cause of lesser employment figures of Muslims in the workforce.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Ian Brinkley, associate director of The Work Foundation agreed labour market recovery has stalled. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. In these circumstances, it is important for the majority of Muslims who profoundly disagree with jihad to speak up. <CN> That might be because of the discrimination they face in the labour market.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> He's typical of the vast majority of suburban business owners across Iraq. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderate, are peaceful and are tolerant. "The vast majority of Romanians who have come to the UK wish to better their lives and would make good neighbours. <CN> Muslims make up many important jobs in the UK, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. The vast majority of the American people believe that unemployment benefits should be extended. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. Most state unemployment insurance programs cover the first 26 weeks, or six months, of unemployment, normally enough time for the vast majority of unemployed to find new work. A vast majority of the time, the events are free to attend. <CN> The proportion of Muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-Muslims (add a link to UK employment statistics).
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. <CN> That is a sweeping generalisation to make, got any facts to back that up?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric and threatening to bans Muslim immigration or engage in special surveillance of Muslims "hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. His hateful ideology and targeting of innocent civilians has been rejected by the vast majority of Muslims and people of all faiths. Obviously, the vast majority of Muslims would never do anything like this, said Maher. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. <CN> This is not true. Muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white British people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> His hateful ideology and targeting of innocent civilians has been rejected by the vast majority of Muslims and people of all faiths. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. Most state unemployment insurance programs cover the first 26 weeks, or six months, of unemployment, normally enough time for the vast majority of unemployed to find new work. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. <CN> Well studies show that people from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to White people. There's your cause of unemployment.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> His hateful ideology and targeting of innocent civilians has been rejected by the vast majority of Muslims and people of all faiths. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Rather than merely informing managers that stereotypes persisted, they added that a vast majority of people try to overcome their stereotypic preconceptions. Obviously, the vast majority of Muslims would never do anything like this, said Maher. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. <CN> All Muslim people I know are employed and hard working individuals. Stereotyping much?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderate, are peaceful and are tolerant. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric and threatening to bans Muslim immigration or engage in special surveillance of Muslims "hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. She estimates that 3 percent of the worldwide community are radical Medina Muslims, the other 97 percent being mainstream Mecca Muslims. <CN> Muslims create over 70000 jobs in their firms in London alone, so no they do not refuse to work, they in fact create work for others.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Obviously, the vast majority of Muslims would never do anything like this, said Maher. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. The death of Awlaki is a major blow to Al Qaeda's most active operational affiliate. <CN> Muslims work in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the UK's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Obviously, the vast majority of Muslims would never do anything like this, said Maher. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. <CN> Where did you get your figures from? Because everywhere I look its a completely different story.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. Since the current recession began in December 2007, men have lost the vast majority of jobs. But the vast majority of people here are people looking for work, who want a job. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. On average, they improved less than half of one standard deviation. <CN> Refuse to work do they? But at the same time they're coming over here taking our jobs. Tricky one that!
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. Overall, support for these indicators of extremism was very low, which is a reminder that the vast majority of Muslims do not hold radical views. Most state unemployment insurance programs cover the first 26 weeks, or six months, of unemployment, normally enough time for the vast majority of unemployed to find new work. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. <CN> If any Muslims are unemployed it is probably because of the discrimination they face, which tweets like this reinforce.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> His hateful ideology and targeting of innocent civilians has been rejected by the vast majority of Muslims and people of all faiths. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric and threatening to bans Muslim immigration or engage in special surveillance of Muslims "hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. She divides the Muslim world into two groups: Mecca Muslims and Medina Muslims. Obviously, the vast majority of Muslims would never do anything like this, said Maher. <CN> How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. <CN> Did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? Some Islamophobic tweets are so incorrect I do not know how you could expect anyone to believe them.
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. She divides the Muslim world into two groups: Mecca Muslims and Medina Muslims. She estimates that 3 percent of the worldwide community are radical Medina Muslims, the other 97 percent being mainstream Mecca Muslims. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. <CN> Replace Muslim with any other group and can you see how false this statement is?
<HS> The vast majority of Muslims are unemployed and refuse to work. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric and threatening to bans Muslim immigration or engage in special surveillance of Muslims "hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. His hateful ideology and targeting of innocent civilians has been rejected by the vast majority of Muslims and people of all faiths. Obviously, the vast majority of Muslims would never do anything like this, said Maher. The vast, vast majority of Muslims in this country and around the world are moderates. <CN> Around 12% of Muslims in the UK are unemployed, please do some basic research before posting fake statistics.
<HS> How can we fight anti-Semitism when city ghettos of Birmingham, Bradford, etc. Are full of anti-Semitic Pakistani muslims? Labour is lost to the mix of Radical Islam/middle class. <knowl> The new anti-Semitism can always say it is not the old anti-Semitism. Anti-Semitism passing itself off as anti-establishmentism - here is the "socialism of fools" of the 21st century. Seven decades after the Holocaust, some European nations have, remarkably, anti-Semitism without Jews and Christian anti-Semitism without Christianity. ANOTHER day, another figure in the Labour Party facing allegations of anti-Semitism. Naomi Wimborne-Idrissi appeared on LBC Radio and said the issue of anti-Semitism within Labour has been blown out of all proportion. <CN> All forms of hatred are wrong and should be countered.
<HS> How can we fight anti-Semitism when city ghettos of Birmingham, Bradford, etc. Are full of anti-Semitic Pakistani muslims? Labour is lost to the mix of Radical Islam/middle class. <knowl> The new anti-Semitism can always say it is not the old anti-Semitism. Seven decades after the Holocaust, some European nations have, remarkably, anti-Semitism without Jews and Christian anti-Semitism without Christianity. "Addressing the issue of anti-Semitism in society, he said Labour Party members fight against it with every breath in their bodies. Naomi Wimborne-Idrissi appeared on LBC Radio and said the issue of anti-Semitism within Labour has been blown out of all proportion. Labour does not have an anti-Semitism problem, Labour has a racism problem. <CN> Sociological research shows that Western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. Thus, we cannot say that Muslims prevent the white people from getting the position.
<HS> How can we fight anti-Semitism when city ghettos of Birmingham, Bradford, etc. Are full of anti-Semitic Pakistani muslims? Labour is lost to the mix of Radical Islam/middle class. <knowl> Many commentators talk of anti-Semitism as an almost wholly Muslim problem, and have used the growth of anti-Semitism to question the wisdom of allowing Muslim immigration to Europe. But neither should anti-Semitism be a moral shield for the justification of anti-Muslim prejudices. The mantra he repeats — that he is opposed to racism, anti-Semitism and Islamophobia (he rarely speaks solely of anti-Semitism) — suggests that he is wedded to the idea that anti-Semitism is chiefly a right-wing phenomenon. Even the Anti-Defamation League, whose mission is to identify and fight anti-Semitism, made this point: Fortunately, most Americans will never personally experience the most [overt expressions of anti-Semitism] . . . The fusion of xenophobia, conspiracy theory, identity politics and anti-politics that has nurtured the new anti-Semitism has also cultivated hostility to Muslims. <CN> Dear friend, do not you think anti-Muslim is another version of anti-Semitic? I suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
<HS> How can we fight anti-Semitism when city ghettos of Birmingham, Bradford, etc. Are full of anti-Semitic Pakistani muslims? Labour is lost to the mix of Radical Islam/middle class. <knowl> The new anti-Semitism can always say it is not the old anti-Semitism. Seven decades after the Holocaust, some European nations have, remarkably, anti-Semitism without Jews and Christian anti-Semitism without Christianity. The Labour Peer Lord Levy said last night: There can be criticism of the state of Israel, but anti-Semitism - using the word 'Zionist' as another form of anti-Semitism - frankly can no longer be tolerate. Anti-Semitism - yeah, it's bad, but it's a different sort of bad. The roots of contemporary Left-wing anti-Semitism can be traced to its malign influence. <CN> It is funny how lots of Jewish and Muslim groups are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)
<HS> How can we fight anti-Semitism when city ghettos of Birmingham, Bradford, etc. Are full of anti-Semitic Pakistani muslims? Labour is lost to the mix of Radical Islam/middle class. <knowl> Many commentators talk of anti-Semitism as an almost wholly Muslim problem, and have used the growth of anti-Semitism to question the wisdom of allowing Muslim immigration to Europe. But neither should anti-Semitism be a moral shield for the justification of anti-Muslim prejudices. On a daily basis, one of the main effects of anti-Semitism is to make Jews feel uncomfortably visible. The long and ugly history of anti-Semitism has seen all too many episodes of apologists justifying hatred of the Jews. The mantra he repeats — that he is opposed to racism, anti-Semitism and Islamophobia (he rarely speaks solely of anti-Semitism) — suggests that he is wedded to the idea that anti-Semitism is chiefly a right-wing phenomenon. <CN> Do you know that anti-Islamism is actually a form of anti-Semitism? It is equally wrong to hate Jews and Muslims.
<HS> British citizens can not find a job because of those Muslims being employed instead. It does not matter whether they have skills and experience or not. It is all about political correctness. <knowl> Jeb Bush agreed: The political correctness of our country needs to be shattered. Political correctness is ruining our country, former neurosurgeon Ben Carson said, after he was criticized for saying a Muslim should not be president. Ted Cruz criticized President Obama's ISIS strategy by claiming political correctness is killing people. Jeb Bush joined the choir with The political correctness of our country needs to be shattered. Ted Cruz criticized President Obama's policies toward ISIS by claiming that political correctness is killing people. <CN> First of all, how do you know that this is true? Any valid sources prove it? Because it sounds like nonsense. Second of all, I do not think that people would employ someone without any skills or experience no matter how politically correct they would like to be.
<HS> 99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work. <knowl> "The entire city will be affected- tourism workers, shop owners, taxi drivers," Waleed Mohamed, 38, a taxi driver, said. it has nothing to do with what those taxi drivers did. first driver sped away as taxi drivers approached us loading his cab. Unifor bused in taxi drivers from across Ontario and Quebec for the protest. <CN> So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. That I've encountered must be part of that 1% then?
<HS> 99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work. <knowl> "Muslims can practise their faith openly in the UK and many people are thankful for that. Large numbers of individuals and households with non-elderly, long-term unemployed people will have significant economic and social ramifications. "The PSA was recently released by the National Autistic Society, a UK-based nonprofit providing support services for autistic people and their families. He said: "We have to understand how much of this is due to them being Muslim communities or just a community of criminality which people are working within? "UK must b shaking up ha ha, Dare tweeted last week. <CN> Do you actually expect people to believe a fact THIS fake? At least try and think of a believable percentage.
<HS> 99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work. <knowl> "Police told CNN's French affiliate BFMTV that 2,800 taxi drivers were protesting across the country. "The entire city will be affected- tourism workers, shop owners, taxi drivers," Waleed Mohamed, 38, a taxi driver, said. This angered France's taxi drivers, who were being undercut, and Uber suspended uberPOP in the country last week after riots. Ten years ago, taxi drivers belonged to the high income group. first driver sped away as taxi drivers approached us loading his cab. <CN> So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
<HS> 99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work. <knowl> What Graugaard wants is to make sure teens possess the necessary skills to view porn constructively. Most UK major networks and mobile retailers are affected by stock problems including, EE, O2, Vodafone, Three Mobile, BT and Carphone Warehouse. The essay, by James King, a former Mail Online freelancer, claimed the UK-based operation regularly stole articles from other news sources without proper attribution. Although Christians will still be the UK's largest religious bloc in 2050, the report predicts they will no longer represent the majority of Britons. In France, unaffiliated people will overtake Christians as the new majority. <CN> The vast majority of them bring necessary skills into our economy/society. Plus, they are eager to work. I would suggest checking your sources?
<HS> 99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work. <knowl> The suspects include doctors, teachers, scout leaders, care workers and former police officers. Obama leads 51%-43% among those classified as "professionals," including lawyers, doctors, scientists, teachers, engineers, nurses and accountants. A doctor's signature on a sick form is in the same category as his signature to a prescription. Their answers are coded into one of the 11 categories that the U.S. federal government uses to classify workers. Mapping the figures show that many regional areas are in a similar situation to Mackay, with doctors or nurses the most common 457 category. <CN> So all the doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? I do not think so!
<HS> 99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work. <knowl> The operations director of Clearsprings Ready Homes, said: The UK has, over recent months, seen a larger population of asylum seekers. The programme is the UK 's " quota refugee " resettlement scheme . Their dream, many of them say, is to go to the UK, because they have a perception that it is welcoming to asylum seekers. Resettlement has been presented as a means of the UK fulfilling its obligations towards displaced people in the context of hostile public attitudes towards asylum seekers . Asylum seekers will be given 72 hours warning prior to deportation. <CN> If we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
<HS> 99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work. <knowl> But again, the distribution of that population is what counts, and Muslim children are often concentrated in particular areas. The rise in the Muslim population, especially because of a high birth rate, means that Muslim clusters are getting bigger. Of that total, according to Breakthrough, a quarter identified as Muslim and was in the age range of the target audience. The Association of Muslim Schools says there are a total 156 dedicated Muslim schools in the UK, most of them privately-funded. But a more important criticism of the education that many Muslims children receive may be that it is just not very good. <CN> 100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
<HS> 99% of Muslims in the UK are unemployable and refuse to work. <knowl> "UK must b shaking up ha ha, Dare tweeted last week. The video argues that just as horses became increasingly unemployable, so will humans. For the UK as a whole, the figure is just 4.3 per cent. The war being waged by the US/UK & co is a war against Islam & Muslims. The Home Secretary will use these powers when justified and based on all available evidence. <CN> Where did you get this figure from? Might I get some real evidence for this? Because this seems very much unrealistic.
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> For example, two-thirds of Mr. Trump's supporters believed Muslims posed an immediate threat. A group called the Nuclear Threat Initiative tracks open-source reports of these incidents. Another way to see the importance of Muslim attitudes for Mr. Trump's voters is to examine how increasing support for him connects to escalating beliefs about a Muslim threat. But supporters of Marco Rubio, Jeb Bush and Chris Christie were less inclined to believe Muslims posed an immediate threat. It is believed not to be in response to a specific threat, more to head off danger considering his moderate tone. <CN> That sounds like quite a threat. Remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> ISIS is trying to tell the Muslim world that America won't accept Muslim people. For years, doctors thought that lactose intolerance primarily affected individuals from certain parts of the world, such as Asia and Africa. I'm pretty sure they're saving it for a couple of people. For most individuals, lactose intolerance doesn't mean they should permanently cut out all dairy. Scientists have discovered that most people develop some degree of lactose intolerance as they get older. <CN> I do not think Muslim people are trying to 'win' anything. It is only intolerant individuals like you trying to make this an us and them competition.
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> In 1992, Menchu was awarded the Nobel peace prize for her work defending indigenous peoples around the world. Where possible (Sinai, for example) Israel has traded territory for peace. Criticism regarding Metta World Peace falling to distractions misses the point. It presupposes that Kelly needs defending because she can't defend herself. And Brown has moved Metta World Peace out of the starting lineup. <CN> 1000s of Muslims died in WW1 and 2 defending Britain, 1000s still in UK armed forces defending peace across the world. Bloody retribution on them, really?
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> "Doctors and nurses don't just save lives - they do so much more. The proposed rule will be open for comment for 60 days. Greg and Catherine Hughes expressed their gratitude on the Light for Riley page, recognising both the big and small actions of doctors and nurses. Doctors and nurses are trained differently, and our sense of priorities can conflict. I felt he (Goldstein) could respond faster, rather than having to waiting for a doctor to come to your room or call a nurse back. <CN> Quick while they're distracted being doctors, nurses, teachers and just getting on with their lives. (its comments like yours that creates tension and conflict)
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> At the same time, Muslim activists say that anti-Muslim attacks have skyrocketed in recent years. It is time for Britain to integrate aspects of Islamic law. While the veil issue has exacerbated tensions between non-Muslims and Muslims, it has also sparked passionate reactions within Muslim communities. A demonstrator calls out for Muslims to reject the false prophet, Mohammed. In an article in The Sunday Times newspaper, Trevor Phillips, host of "What British Muslims Really Think," wrote that the poll revealed a "chasm" opening between Muslims and non-Muslims on fundamental issues. <CN> Not sure what you mean about Muslim's having won, when over 400,000 Muslims fought and died voluntarily for Britain in WW1, anyone would think they have always been on our side.
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> The plan also calls for detaining and deporting individuals who pose a violent threat to public safety. It can be very difficult for mental-health professionals to accept that their patients may pose a serious violent threat. FOR DARRIN BELL, the deaths of Eric Garner and Michael Brown and Tamir Rice at the hands of police strike a personal chord. Decisions can also be delayed, he said, because Ohio has no centralized registry of commitments to psychiatric institutions for the police to check. And California adopted a five-year firearms ban for anyone who communicates a violent threat against a âreasonably identifiable victim" to a licensed psychotherapist. <CN> That sounds like quite a violent threat. Should I let the police know about this or?
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> With this in mind, Islamophobic rhetoric is harmful and unhelpful, Ansari wrote. The flames have been also been fanned by the Islamophobic rhetoric of the National Front. Deakin University randomly selected 304 Aussies for the research project, Muslims and Islamic Religiosity in the West, with preliminary findings presented at a political studies conference in Sydney on Tuesday. The war tourist: An Israeli photojournalist and tour guide examines how the country's tourism industry has been able not to only co-exist with conflict, but to profit from it. There seems to be no bottom to the cesspool of Islamophobic rhetoric coming from Republican candidates. <CN> What are they trying to win? Muslims in the UK aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is Islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> Managers have nothing more important to do with their time than give it to the people who need it. He did not immediately respond to an e-mail asking for further comment about the latest impasse in Washington. It makes room for the caring, considerate, thoughtful people I want in my life, whether that's friends or colleagues. Only a tiny minority has resettled in the West, with U.N. officials saying preference is given to the most vulnerable. Germany's Federal Office for Migration and Refugees said it does not comment on the reasons individual applicants give when they apply for asylum, or on how many people receive refugee status in Germany based on religious persecution. <CN> Bloody retribution? Most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. But I do not think any of you are winning.
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> The Prime Minister challenged rebels to explain what out would mean for Britain. Britain is safer, stronger and better off in a reformed EU, he insisted. The ministers were photographed with a sign calling for Britain to take back control. Go out and vote Remain for a bigger, better Britain inside a reformed European Union. Those of us arguing for Britain to stay in Europe are not uncritical cheerleaders for immigration. <CN> Didn't realise we were against each other. [insert number of Muslim doctors] seems like they're making Britain stronger.
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> "People get attacked and beaten for doing nothing but appearing Muslim. Every time there is something serious in the Middle East, things spike," Samer Khalaf, president of the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee (ADC), told Al Jazeera. Mayor Michael Bloomberg promised the city that there would be no tolerance for discrimination. In 2014, 70 Catholics were targeted for hate crimes, of some 64 million Americans. "Anti-Muslim violence and discrimination have been steadily increasing in France over the past few years. <CN> The only thing Muslims are trying to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination and dehumanising hate like this.
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> I was second-guessing myself, thinking 'I'm just not normal,' and I'm trying to figure thing out. Ms. Montanez, a producer for the Architectural Digest show and a freelance designer, lives in a 450-square-foot studio. I had all these plans about putting money away for my kids so we could all live a happy life. For every life we live, there are at least eight others we've gotten close to but may never know. But it's not necessarily good for developers or for consumers trying to figure out which console plays which games. <CN> It's not an us and them thing. We are all just trying to get on and make a living. You do not do that by putting anyone down.
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> And if you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called If You Only Read 6 Things This Week. Sfumato is not the only thing that makes her smile mysterious, of course. It's a temporary installation for this show, a passing moment in paint. In the Renaissance the practice of painting would have been a much bigger thing. After a certain point, and a limited amount of revision, the painting can only die. <CN> Have won at what? The only thing I see is paranoid messages like this painting a not so convincing picture of some sort of Muslim originated threat.
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> For many species, even some humans, cockroaches are also a sought-after snack. You cannot brutalize fellow human beings in any way and prosper. Few parasites and predators are effective for biological control of cockroaches . Cockroaches do indeed have a much higher radiation resistance than vertebrates , with the lethal dose perhaps six to 15 times that for humans . Which is a tragedy if it's happening to fellow human beings. <CN> Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
<HS> You think these Muslim cockroaches have won? No, now is time for bloody retribution! <knowl> Why should somebody come and work for you?This is a really exciting time for Action for Blind People right now. The right eye generally compensates for the left eye's blind spot and vice versa, so the spot is hardly noticed. The human eye has a blind spot, though few of us realize it. After his eye surgery, Hisho was left blind, so Zen became his guide. We reached out to a press rep for Third Eye Blind and asked for comment on the feud — she did not get back to us. <CN> Bloody retribution? An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind!
<HS> It is one law for Muslims and another law for us. <knowl> Yes, in theory, sharia is the law for Muslims and takes precedence over secular law. Moreover, the early framers developed Islamic law in and for Islamic empires and societies, not for Muslims living permanently in non-Muslim societies. But the real push for Shari'a is coming from Muslim intellects, clerics and leaders of Muslim organisations. Sharia law is unequivocally clear that Muslims who live as minorities in non-Muslim majority communities are required to abide by the law of the land. Muslims are still stoning to death people for minor infractions of its laws. <CN> Yes, as well as everything non-Muslims aren't allowed to do by law, Muslims also have to put up with hateful bigotry and prejudice from people like you.
<HS> It is one law for Muslims and another law for us. <knowl> Malaysia's Islamist opposition party is calling for strict enforcement of sharia, or Islamic law, for Muslims that includes amputations and stonings. The law has the ability to deter the Palestinian politicians from increasing their struggle. WESTBURY IT is normal for indicted politicians to express confidence that they will be vindicated. If people wanted to read position papers and debates, added Law, there are other platforms for that. Criticism of class-action law suits by conservative politicians is ill-founded and totally out of proportion. <CN> Nah, I think that is too much effort for our politicians.
<HS> It is one law for Muslims and another law for us. <knowl> He worries comments from candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz about Muslims could make things worse. Discussing religious law is a sensitive topic in many Muslim countries. "People get attacked and beaten for doing nothing but appearing Muslim. Malaysia's Islamist opposition party is calling for strict enforcement of sharia, or Islamic law, for Muslims that includes amputations and stonings. First stop, the two American-Muslim representatives -- Keith Ellison and Andre Carson. <CN> If Muslims are treated any differently by the law, they're treated worse (link to article about stop and search and police targeting of Muslims).
<HS> Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation. <knowl> It also fits into a clear historic pattern of western perceptions of Islam and Muslims. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan criticized the recent violent protests, but said Western nations need to prevent insults to Islam. This situation is a travesty of Middle Eastern as much as western civilisation. Another 16 percent say Iran getting a nuclear weapon poses the greatest threat. This is normative Islam, adhered to by a billion normal Muslims across the globe. <CN> No because muslims and therefore islam live in western nations and add so much positivity.
<HS> Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation. <knowl> "The Trades Union Congress told the committee that inflation has now passed its peak and unemployment is now the greatest threat to the UK economy. This situation is a travesty of Middle Eastern as much as western civilisation. Another 16 percent say Iran getting a nuclear weapon poses the greatest threat. However, it is wrong to frame the atrocities as attacks on western civilisation alone. It also fits into a clear historic pattern of western perceptions of Islam and Muslims. <CN> British Muslims contribute 31 billion to the UK economy and you'd call that a threat?
<HS> Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation. <knowl> This situation is a travesty of Middle Eastern as much as western civilisation. Iran's nuclear ambition is a real threat; it needs to be corralled. Another 16 percent say Iran getting a nuclear weapon poses the greatest threat. However, it is wrong to frame the atrocities as attacks on western civilisation alone. What's at stake is Western civilisation," the daily La Repubblica quoted him as saying. <CN> I'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.
<HS> Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation. <knowl> It also fits into a clear historic pattern of western perceptions of Islam and Muslims. As the 2012 presidential election approaches, it has been difficult for me to listen to the political scapegoating of Muslims and those perceived to be Muslims. These are the two policy themes: the threat of Muslims, and American jobs for American people. No western essence is there to stop a New Yorker of any ancestry taking up Islam. Living in the west, however you define it, being western, provides no guarantee that you will care about western civilisation. <CN> Islam has existed alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. The scapegoating of Muslims as a threat is what is really worrying in our society.
<HS> Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation. <knowl> So the classical traditions that are meant to distinguish western civilisation from the inheritors of the caliphates are actually a point of kinship with them. Another defeat for Isis, another ancient civilisation rescued from further acts of deliberate destruction. It also fits into a clear historic pattern of western perceptions of Islam and Muslims. fine sense of humour is one of the defining characteristics of highly evolved, civilised human beings. No western essence is there to stop a New Yorker of any ancestry taking up Islam. <CN> Do you think maybe the media paints this picture of Islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? Climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
<HS> Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation. <knowl> Living in the west, however you define it, being western, provides no guarantee that you will care about western civilisation. This situation is a travesty of Middle Eastern as much as western civilisation. Another 16 percent say Iran getting a nuclear weapon poses the greatest threat. However, it is wrong to frame the atrocities as attacks on western civilisation alone. I hesitate to disagree with even the Gandhi of legend, but I believe western civilisation is not at all a good idea, and western culture is no improvement. <CN> A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
<HS> Islam is the greatest threat to Western civilisation. <knowl> Every year Muslims contribute over £31 billion to the UK economy. This situation is a travesty of Middle Eastern as much as western civilisation. Another 16 percent say Iran getting a nuclear weapon poses the greatest threat. However, it is wrong to frame the atrocities as attacks on western civilisation alone. And there are real problems with seeing Isis primarily as an enemy of western civilisation. <CN> Oh, the 95% of British Muslims who feel loyalty to the UK? Sounds terrifying!
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> That was Bill Maher and Dinesh D'Souza last Friday talking about western society and radical Islam. The modernist is proud of Islam and yet able to live comfortably in, and contribute to, Western society. The rally was conducted by a motley crew of Islamophobes, all railing against the supposed creeping Islamization of Western society. Islam within itself, Islam itself means peace, the government video states. We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." <CN> Have you thought about what western value is what Islam is really about?
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> The modernist is proud of Islam and yet able to live comfortably in, and contribute to, Western society. Islamic State fighters stand on the border between Syria and Iraq. Such a blanket association would, rightly, not be acceptable in liberal, Western society. He welcomed pledges of allegiance from Islamic State supporters in Yemen, Afghanistan and West Africa. The radical fringe carrying out such actions has sought to dominate the discourse between Islam and the West. <CN> What exactly is the West going to 'win'? Muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing division.
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> if global trading stopped that would have an enormous impact on western society, global society . . This is an excellent time for the western world to demonstrate how a tolerant society functions. The modernist is proud of Islam and yet able to live comfortably in, and contribute to, Western society. The rally was conducted by a motley crew of Islamophobes, all railing against the supposed creeping Islamization of Western society. The Islamic State's strategy is to polarize Western society — to destroy the grayzone, as it says in its publications. <CN> I thought our society was based on respect tolerance and merit. Hate and prejudice does not belong in western society.
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> Edward E. Curtis IV is editor of the Bloomsbury Reader on Islam in the West. For the moment, there does not seem to be much prospect of a moderate Islam in the Muslim world. Read about the "New law "Fiqh" of muslim minorities in the West". Imagine the news in the world Death of Muslim babies by infidels. <CN> Except for all the people who are muslim and live in the west peacefully?
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> By the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, the Islamic Crusades receded, due to western resistance. By the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, the Islamic Crusades receded, due to Western resistance. Islam was the aggressor in its own Crusades, long before the Europeans responded with their own. This antiâWest pathology shows up in Westerners' hatred for the European Crusades in the Medieval Age. Islamic radicals have long invoked the Crusades to justify violence against the West, including the 9/11 attacks. <CN> Let's do the Timewarp again! Let's not re-run the Crusades. It did not end well last time.
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> "Oriental societies" were represented as simply the negative counterpart of Western societies. The modernist is proud of Islam and yet able to live comfortably in, and contribute to, Western society. She is a political scientist, specializing in contemporary Islamic societies and Islam in Europe and in the United States. The rally was conducted by a motley crew of Islamophobes, all railing against the supposed creeping Islamization of Western society. Blasphemy in the history of IslamAsad highlighted the big difference between the notion of talking against the religion in Christianity and Islam. <CN> Islam does belong in our multicultural Western society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> I am an expert with a Ph.D. in the history of religions. I am an historian, I am a Ph.D. in the history of religions. This process took a long time in Western societies to become today's accepted nature of great tolerance and coexistence. The rally was conducted by a motley crew of Islamophobes, all railing against the supposed creeping Islamization of Western society. The emergence of religion has long been explained as a result of either culture or environmental factors but not both. <CN> I'd agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century Western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> Talk of western culture has had a larger implausibility to overcome. Islam: There is always talk of Islamic moderation but lets look at countries where Islam rules. The modernist is proud of Islam and yet able to live comfortably in, and contribute to, Western society. She is a political scientist, specializing in contemporary Islamic societies and Islam in Europe and in the United States. From the outset, and ever since, the history of Islam has reflected a remarkable ability to coexist with others. <CN> The only obstacle to Islam coexisting with Western culture is intolerance like this.
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> Moderate Muslim all over the world will incubate Jihadist by their talk by defending Islam. That was Bill Maher and Dinesh D'Souza last Friday talking about western society and radical Islam. <CN> Who said that West and Islam are competing at all? Is there a war? I do not like this way of seeing things. We should live in one world together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over different cultures.
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> The modernist is proud of Islam and yet able to live comfortably in, and contribute to, Western society. This process took a long time in Western societies to become today's accepted nature of great tolerance and coexistence. Such a blanket association would, rightly, not be acceptable in liberal, Western society. That was Bill Maher and Dinesh D'Souza last Friday talking about western society and radical Islam. We will mixed with intricate fabric of the Western society but still will remember to Jihad when time comes. <CN> Unless of course we are already awake and recognise that the winners are those of us that can embrace respect tolerance and merit.
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> The modernist is proud of Islam and yet able to live comfortably in, and contribute to, Western society. This monolithic, negative portrayal provides a skewed image of Islam and Muslims. What ever happened to the famous "no compulsion in Islam" for the Malaya muslims? This is normative Islam, adhered to by a billion normal Muslims across the globe. The motives are vastly different - Jones' stated motivation is hatred of Islam and Muslims. <CN> The media scapegoats Muslims and encourages division. When will YOU wake up and see you have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising Muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> if global trading stopped that would have an enormous impact on western society, global society . . That was Bill Maher and Dinesh D'Souza last Friday talking about western society and radical Islam. The modernist is proud of Islam and yet able to live comfortably in, and contribute to, Western society. The rally was conducted by a motley crew of Islamophobes, all railing against the supposed creeping Islamization of Western society. The Islamic State's strategy is to polarize Western society — to destroy the grayzone, as it says in its publications. <CN> Islam has given many things to the Western society. For example, medicine, mathematics. These things belong with our society. It is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
<HS> Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen. Islam does not belong within western society. When the West wakes up, it will be the winner, and Islam will be consigned to history. <knowl> The modernist is proud of Islam and yet able to live comfortably in, and contribute to, Western society. Islam could not be regarded with the same detached curiosity as the far away cultures or beliefs of China or India. Blasphemy in the history of IslamAsad highlighted the big difference between the notion of talking against the religion in Christianity and Islam. Therefore, many writers throughout different parts of Islamic history have criticized Islamic belief, including the prophet Muhammad and the Quran, without facing persecution. We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." <CN> I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
<HS> Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late! <knowl> Quoting Bonhoeffer, Silence in the face of evil is itself evil. Mashable's cowardly act of censorship by attempting to silence another citizen's voice from speaking out loudly against the evils of radical Islam is shocking. We are tired of progress, civilization, openness, tolerance, love, brotherhood, coexistence and leniency ... Thousands have rallied in Dresden in the latest anti-Islam march in Europe. Phelps was one small, albeit persistent and radical, voice in a larger chorus. <CN> Raise your voice in celebration! They bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
<HS> Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late! <knowl> These types are never about democracy, they are all about fascism and silencing the voices of other people whose ideas with which they disagree. He can lead his county into the calm silence of reconciliation instead of silence based on fear. The bullying often works to silence critics of Islamic extremism. ... It is no surprise that silence is an anagram of license. "A man who loves God, necessarily loves silence," wrote Thomas Merton, who was, as a Trappist, a connoisseur, a caretaker of silences. <CN> Or just maybe, the silence is because there is only a tiny number of people that agree with you.
<HS> Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late! <knowl> Arabic-language Bibles used by Christians in countries such as Egypt and Lebanon use the word Allah for God. If they refuse to accept Islam, demand from them the Jizya. <CN> Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love and leaving judgment to God / Allah what are you preaching?
<HS> Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late! <knowl> "He was not that involved with the local Muslim community," Ubaid said. Mashable's cowardly act of censorship by attempting to silence another citizen's voice from speaking out loudly against the evils of radical Islam is shocking. The voices (and most importantly behavior) must come from within Islam, not outside of it. The Muslim community is by no means monolithic and viewing us as one is problematic. First, the United States isn't a credible voice in telling Muslims what real Islam is all about. <CN> There is nothing to raise your voice to. Have you ever spoken to your local Muslim community?
<HS> Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late! <knowl> The voices (and most importantly behavior) must come from within Islam, not outside of it. Mashable's cowardly act of censorship by attempting to silence another citizen's voice from speaking out loudly against the evils of radical Islam is shocking. "Khan also rejected a suggestion by the film's producers he had given the film his "tacit acceptance". They want to silence the voices of people who look differently, think differently and love differently than they do. On a more fundamental level, this trial—even if Mr. Wilders wins—could silence the brave critics of radical Islam. <CN> You are right, if you experience hate in any form, report it.
<HS> Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late! <knowl> But in so doing, we insinuate that while Islam in moderation is tolerable, real Islam—often perceived as radical Islam—is intolerable. We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." Previous: How I rediscovered Christianity through Islam | Next: Part V: Mazel Tov! Mashable's cowardly act of censorship by attempting to silence another citizen's voice from speaking out loudly against the evils of radical Islam is shocking. Christianity expanded from Jerusalem to the ends of the world by preaching love and peace. <CN> After tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
<HS> Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice before it is too late! <knowl> Mashable's cowardly act of censorship by attempting to silence another citizen's voice from speaking out loudly against the evils of radical Islam is shocking. The bullying often works to silence critics of Islamic extremism. ... "Yes, France is at war against terrorism, jihadism and radical Islam," said Valls. Thus, while trying to silence Abedini's message, Iran's religion silences only itself. Mashable will try to silence your freedom of speech if you speak up against tyranny. <CN> Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> And describing an entire religious group as potentially dangerous isn't especially helpful. Competing groups and battling ideologies are at war, and the most extreme are fighting vigorously and making gains. His false claims, like the ludicrous idea that thousands of Muslims in New Jersey celebrated 9/11, are extremely dangerous. At the rally in Melbourne, numbers grew as members of a splinter group known as the United Patriots Front joined their extreme right-wing allies. This group came to be known as Jabhat al Nusra, which . . . <CN> That sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> We know, I said, that the vast majority of Muslims seek peace. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric and threatening to bans Muslim immigration or engage in special surveillance of Muslims "hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. A vast majority of Muslims reject the use of Shariah to legitimate terrorism. Obviously, the vast majority of Muslims would never do anything like this, said Maher. <CN> Don't believe biased media coverage about all Muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of Muslims condemn these people. The world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> A "lone wolf" can devise his or her evil plan in secret, making detection almost impossible. The Hub's biggest hole in the ground in 1969 was the Hancock foundation in Copley Square. He said the oil was gushing from a "perfectly round, quarter-inch hole" with "about 100 pounds pressure. Feb. 19, 1971: Signals came from the ground to workers on the 22d floor of the Hancock Tower. The hole likely opened the first week of August when the fruit hit its peak growth spurt of 41 pounds in 24 hours. <CN> The 100 million pounds they donated to charity on Ramadan must be part of that evil plan to blow everyone up.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> The FBI is investigating the mass shooting as terrorism and suggested the gunman may have leanings toward Islamic extremism. The problem of Islamic extremism is caused - astonishingly enough - by Islamic extremism. The truth is that there is no such a thing as radical ISLAMIC extremism ... Islamic extremism has become fertile ground for many malcontents to protest against their societies. In recent years, Islamic extremism has been developing rapidly inside and outside of Australia. <CN> Right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right are greater in number (in the US) than those motivated by Islamic extremism.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> Why is it that ALL these muslim countries discriminate against the non-muslims? They depict Muslims and non-Muslims sharing how they define their personal struggles. The unfortunate thing is that muslims such as azisk call that into question. The students at Garissa are predominantly non-Muslim, a source told Fox News. Ten days later, 36 non-Muslim quarry workers were killed by the extremists. <CN> This is a disgusting thing to say, you would not say this about non-Muslims would you?
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> On one side Europeans defended the outraged Muslims, calling the cartoons "insensitive, "insulting and "anti-Islam." Europeans view Muslims as threats, so their states respond with measures purporting to rid their lands of terrorism. Europeans should not be afraid to allow Muslim students to take classes on Islam in state-financed schools and universities. This means that European jihadists in Syria and Iraq represent a maximum of 0.04 percent of the EU's Muslim population. The European Union is home to 13-20 million Muslims, while Europe as a whole has a Muslim population of 44 million. <CN> Last time I heard Muslims came into Europe to help rebuild it after WW2 when Europeans blew each other up.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> Immediately after the terrorist attacks, Muslims began to feel the heat. The current status of religious minorities in the Middle East is indeed dire. Some of the men involved had traveled to the Middle East, others had not. It also did not seek to suppress the older faiths of the Middle East. Ted Cruz said in the wake of Tuesday's terrorist attacks in Brussels that law enforcement should closely guard Muslim neighborhoods, prompting swift criticism. <CN> Many Muslims, especially those living in the Middle East are victims of terrorism and terrorist attacks on a daily basis such as those perpetrated by ISIS.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> In an FAQ on the Holiday Hole site, Cards Against Humanity explains that the hole is located in America. The manholes are around s metres (20ft) from a grave-like hole discovered on Wednesday by officers using ground penetrating radar. Yuri Cortez/Agence France-Presse — Getty ImagesThrough a hole in the ground, a ladder led to the middle of the construction site. On their Q&A page they answer questions including:What do I get for contributing money to the hole?A deeper hole. So it's fortunate that bean-hole beans can also be made perfectly well in the electric bean hole, a k a the oven. <CN> Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> If Muslims are to blame for last week's terror attacks, they argued, then Christians must be responsible for the following:1. Attacks against Christians have intensified as mistrust between Christians and Muslims deepens. In response to the writer "Islam" and Christians not blowing each other up. Since then, dozens of Coptic churches have been attacked, some torched to the ground. Under anti-terror laws journalists are only allowed to report the 'official' version of terror attacks. <CN> Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> It's true that our foreign policy is what causes Muslims to most dislike us. And yet, it is Muslims who are offended when we raise these facts. To say that an Islamic center can't be built near Ground Zero is to say that all Muslims are to blame. Goldberg asked why it was inappropriate, citing 70 Muslims who died in the attacks, O'Reilly said: "Because Muslims killed us on 9/11. There are no hard data to answer that question and it is worth looking back a few years at polls on American attitudes towards Muslims. <CN> Far right terrorism has been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by US and UK intelligence agencies. Are you sure it is Muslims we need to be worried about?
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> The Muslim community at large is not responsible for the violence, and it should not be expected to apologize for the actions of some of its members. any violence done in the name of a relgion should mean the religion is to blame. Blaming all of Islam for the actions of misguided extremists who commit atrocities in the name of Islam. But the statement was cryptic about the causes of the violence, blaming persons and organizations for manipulating the situation. The least we can do now is to make sure not to blame the wrong people for the vile actions of a few individuals. <CN> Why are you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? And, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> From there the whole Muslim world shall come under its rule. She checked the hole just in case, and there it was. Islam did not attack the World Trade Center - al Qaeda did. "I feel a sense of RELIEF as opposed to a sense of JOY."Katy Perry also seemed to have mixed thoughts on the issue, tweeting:"I believe in justice... but don't u think that an eye for an eye will make the whole world blind?" He services poor people in the developing world who have developed cataracts — a clouding of the lens of the eye that is the world's leading cause of blindness. <CN> An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> Cameron said: "This is not about British combat troops on the ground, it is about working with others to extinguish this terrorist threat. I acknowledge the dangers of far-right extremism and the ongoing need to counter Islamist ideology not with violence but with better, democratic ideas. This leaves a gaping hole that the far-right will, in turn, also fill with its bigotry, because no one else is speaking about these issues. Just as racism became the go-to grievance for my subsequent actions, about which I remain repentant, so too does Islamist extremism feed far-right extremism. Robinson, who set up the EDL in 2009 ostensibly to combat extreme Islamism in the UK, is facing criminal charges in relation to his activities with the group. <CN> Far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the UK. These are the people you should be looking out for not, Muslims.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> The attacker yelled at her to go back to her country. I believe this president has abandoned the American people,'' she said. American Muslims had nothing to do with the attack in Paris. American Muslims had nothing to do with the attack in Brussels. All 224 people on board -- most of them Russian -- were killed. <CN> How can you say this about people who do not have anything at all to do with those terror attacks?
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> The infamous hole in the ground has been filled, the hole in their collective heart will remain. The hole was still growing as i was in the hole. He putted for birdie on every hole on the back nine until the last hole. A woman fell into a hole, the pavement opened up underneath her, the ground just gave way. The hole measures 190 yards from the back tee and a sign planted into the teeing ground reads "Hole #11 Dedicated to all Veterans both Past and Present. <CN> Dig a hole, build a wall, get your act together guys.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> Taylor yarkosky is a contractor and in sink hole season, he's busy. Most people either decline the cards or quietly take them and keep moving. A poll conducted by Iceland's market and media research institute MMR showed that 88.5 percent of the population thought the country should accept more refugees. Turkey and Jordan have more refugees than Lebanon, and Iraq is hosting a large population as well. Too close to hallowed ground, argue opponents, including family members of people who died in the attack. <CN> Or let's not. Let's stop fueling the war that brings more refugees here and integrate those that are here. Most people want a quiet happy life whatever their faith.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> Awad condemned violent extremism but said King was spreading "false" allegations and "irresponsible rhetoric" about American Muslims. The President is refusing to use the words "Islamic extremism" or "Muslim terror" instead using the phrase "violent extremism." The bullying often works to silence critics of Islamic extremism. ... A year ago in Washington, D.C., at the opening of the Summit on Countering Violent Extremism, President Obama urged Muslims to push back against extremism in mosques. Perhaps that pledge was needed to gain credibility with Muslim audiences. <CN> Violent extremism is terrible. It is a shame Muslims have to put up with it.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> How do you view women as being treated -- Muslim countries. In public discourse both in majority-Muslim countries and in the West, Shariah has come to take on other meanings. But some of the worst abuse actually takes place in Muslim-dominated countries. Overwhelmingly, most Muslims killed in these countries were killed by Al Queada or the Taliban. In Muslim countries, Western clothes, languages, films, sports - even McDonald's and Starbucks - are visibly popular. <CN> The West continually bombs Middle Eastern and Muslim countries. Maybe we should stop blowing people up.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> Few people believe they are bad drivers, but thousands of us still have accidents each year. Too close to hallowed ground, argue opponents, including family members of people who died in the attack. Fatal road accidents are common in Pakistan, where public transport drivers are often poorly trained and work long hours. Earnhardt replied.)But by the second delay, in which track workers appeared to fill the hole with a white substance that resembled spackling cream, the tone shifted as more somber drivers apologized. Tesla has previously suggested that the accident resulted from the driver's failure to remain in control of the vehicle. <CN> More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> It is a scary time to be a doctor or nurse. Because when it came to the day-to-day nursing, we were scared. My wife is in good hands, her doctors and nurses will tell anyone that. We said: Doctors, we know you're busy and sometimes forget to wash your hands. But some doctors worry that the nurses overreach, doing more than they are trained to do. <CN> And after you have done that, who's gonna taxi you home, provide that takeaway after a hard day's graft and nurse those calluses on your hands? And do not get me started on the doctors you might need.
<HS> Someone needs to put those Muslims in a hole in the ground before they start to blow us all up again. <knowl> Have "we" been doing that, smearing Islam because of a small minority? We decided collectively, as a world, 'Let's get rid of these molecules'. Worldwide, Sunnis make up about 85 percent of the world's 1.6 billion Muslims. Too close to hallowed ground, argue opponents, including family members of people who died in the attack. Now we're down to 6, we got rid of all these people. <CN> Getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> In the 4th century, millions of Europe's peoples were — as they are today — on the move. Like the Syrian refugees of 2015, they sought peace and safety in Europe, not holy war. It had lots of grand palaces in its capital, Vienna, where people danced at fancy balls. It is doubtless true to say that the overwhelming majority of Muslims in Europe are not violent. In the middle of the 20th century, there were virtually no Muslims in Western Europe, Mr. Caldwell writes. <CN> All peoples have a place in every part of the world.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> "It is a direct affront to the rule of law in a civilised society. People who are a symbol of truth and justice, whose religious belief is almost incidental. Galileo is revered by secularists and even atheists as a supposed champion against religious belief. No, it is a choice of dress reflecting a religious belief protected under the French Constitution. Acts such as the Paris killings help to strengthen the idea that individual Muslims are held in contempt, and this in itself encourages people to retreat into religious belief systems. <CN> A 'civilised Europe' would never ban a group based on their religious belief; Islamophobic sentiment such as this is the antithesis of civilised.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> America is simply a place in which they are living, but they are not Americans. In the last five years, only 2% of all terrorist attacks in Europe have been religiously motivated. We will respect Muslims, move from the places we sit in if they choose to sit in them. The largely comfortable integration and success of American Muslims that sets them apart from their counterparts in Europe also lends space for these possibilities. Muslim civil rights organizations have also noticed a considerable uptick in attacks against Muslims since the rise of ISIS.Islamophobic incidents in Europe have also risen. <CN> Why? What makes you say this? How are muslims 'uncivilised'?
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> In response to media inquiries, she said, English is a living language. Let's denounce terrorism, oppression and misogyny in the Islamic world — and everywhere else. ""We hope this will be a small contribution to unity in the Islamic world. The persecution of Christians, Ahmadis, Yazidis, Bahai — and Shiites — is far too common in the Islamic world. China is also foraging in such backwaters of the Islamic world for energy as Yemen, Sudan and Chad. <CN> Shall we also ban coffee, paper, guitar, the English language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system and every other contribution to 'civilised Europe' from the Islamic world?
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> Times were hard in northern Europe when the crusaders began to gather in the spring of 1096. AntiâChristian riots in Jerusalem969 Fatimids (Muslim Crusaders) conquer Egypt and found Cairoc. Anti-Christian riots in Jerusalem969 Fatimids (Muslim Crusaders) conquer Egypt and found Cairo.c. Many far-right parties in Europe are celebrating the presidential victory of Donald J. Trump. Islam was the aggressor in its own Crusades, long before the Europeans responded with their own. <CN> They are here because 'civilised' crusaders first went there and more came later we invited them over to rebuild our civilization after the war.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> The report does not recommend specific financing increases for basic research. But the challenge for countries is: Who's doing the basic research? There have been Muslims in Sri Lanka for more than a thousand years. So basic research is something the government supports, whereas applied research is what companies do. "They gave our families freedom that we could not have in any so-called Muslim countries." <CN> So-called civilised Europe has benefited from Islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research would tell you that Muslims have just as much right as any other to be here.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> We must get past the fear and ignorance that breeds hate. Civilisation is about living together, people pooling their resources, sharing the same space. What ever ideology drove him to want to kill those people should be hated. <CN> Do people who make such sweeping statements based on hate and ignorance belong in our civilisation then?
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> In Sunni mosques, the largest branch of the faith, there are no images of people of any kind. Their understanding of Islam comes from what they are taught by others. People in different traditions, with different ideological commitments, define religious freedom differently. There is only one solution: we must eradicate its traditions and immediately initiate its hundreds of millions of people into other cultures lest they spread their poison all over the world. Blasphemy in the history of IslamAsad highlighted the big difference between the notion of talking against the religion in Christianity and Islam. <CN> Is it civilised to think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of Islam? Would you think that about any other religion?
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> "Muslim communities have never experienced intense secularization that took place in Europe and the West in general," says Azra. "All we're seeing (in the survey) is an adherence to a faith. Muslims in different countries were committed to their faith for different reasons, he says. They are not capable of a civil, rational dialogue about problems in their faith community. Indeed, approximately one in four Jews and Catholics in the USA marry outside their faith. <CN> How can you say that about a faith of 1.6 billion people?
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> In the religious language of Muslim scholars, this is known as maqasid, or aims. There are many countries in which less than 10 percent of Muslims say suicide bombings can be defensible, particularly in Europe and Central Asia. In the last five years, only 2% of all terrorist attacks in Europe have been religiously motivated. But we in Old Europe never really insisted that a democratic culture and diversity were also part of the deal; we didn't think we had to. In its search for solutions, Europe would do well to look to the streets — of New York City. <CN> Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> Like in certain Arab states where Ahmadi Muslims are incarcerated and deported for the crime of being an Ahmadi Muslim. So if that white, middle-aged man can be my brother-in-law, then Obama can certainly be my Muslim president. The attacks also redefined what it meant to be an American Muslim. In such situations, Muslims do not integrate into the community at large. In Tower Hamlets 66 per cent of school-age children are Muslim. <CN> Muslim, as other human beings, have a right to live whenever they want.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> The tragic events that took place in Norway on Friday provoked initial accusations against Muslims worldwide. The roughly 20 million Muslims who live in Europe remain marginalized. In fact, since 1974 they are not considered Muslims at all. In 1924 immigration from everywhere outside northern Europe was severely restricted. Reflections on the Revolution in Europe was received with much critical tenderness. <CN> Muslims contribute much to Europe and have done since the 19th Century.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> For example, Christopher Caldwell, a weekly columnist for the Financial Times, claimed in his 2009 book Reflections on the Revolution in Europe that Muslims were already conquering Europe's cities, street by street. In the last five years, only 2% of all terrorist attacks in Europe have been religiously motivated. He's right: Politics in the Middle East refract into tensions between Jews and Muslims in Europe. Yes, in those areas where the responses were violent people need great lessons in restraint and civilized discourse. In the middle of the 20th century, there were virtually no Muslims in Western Europe, Mr. Caldwell writes. <CN> The first universities in Europe were established by Muslims. Muslims are the ones who helped create 'civilized' Europe.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> They may have been deprived of many of the benefits of civilisation - security, freedom of association and worship - for years under dictatorship, under occupation, under civil war, under Isis. Why must we describe in detail the process of the execution? According to the Jerusalem Post, in 2002, the Israeli Interior Ministry considered ordering the Islamic Movement's weekly Sawt al-Haq w'al-Huriyya (Voice of Justice and Freedom), to be closed down for two years for inciting hatred. This situation is a travesty of Middle Eastern as much as western civilisation. TIMES are tough for some journalists in Romania working for the international media. <CN> Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> The tragic events that took place in Norway on Friday provoked initial accusations against Muslims worldwide. In the middle of the 20th century, there were virtually no Muslims in Western Europe, Mr. Caldwell writes. The roughly 20 million Muslims who live in Europe remain marginalized. In fact, since 1974 they are not considered Muslims at all. In 1924 immigration from everywhere outside northern Europe was severely restricted. <CN> Muslims have been in Europe since the 6th century and they belong here as much as anyone else.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> America is simply a place in which they are living, but they are not Americans. In the last five years, only 2% of all terrorist attacks in Europe have been religiously motivated. We will respect Muslims, move from the places we sit in if they choose to sit in them. The largely comfortable integration and success of American Muslims that sets them apart from their counterparts in Europe also lends space for these possibilities. Muslim civil rights organizations have also noticed a considerable uptick in attacks against Muslims since the rise of ISIS.Islamophobic incidents in Europe have also risen. <CN> It seems like you are against Muslims if you are saying something like this? Why is that?
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> Asmal's family said he comes from a "close knit, hardworking, peace loving and law abiding British Muslim family. Every new law places a burden on law-abiders and law-breakers alike. "This is a ... peace-loving, law-abiding family enjoying their American dream, and then it's shattered by this unfortunate and very tragic incident. We have peace loving, law-abiding Muslim-Americans in neighborhoods all across New York City - they should be respected like all other members of our communities. There are about 3 million Muslims in the United States, almost all of whom are law-abiding citizens. <CN> Muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing much to the UK economically and culturally.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> While Europe skulked through its millennium of Christian repression, Indian art was civilised and joyous. Judge Reddihough, in the Hussain case, pontificated with due pomposity about upholding the values of our "civilised society". Why must we describe in detail the process of the execution? The selfie era is a golden age of the civilised nude. But I also put myself in the position of Mr Hussain. <CN> It is not very civilised of you to be intolerant of another religion.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> Its obvious, vested groups/think tanks do not want Muslims to take their proper place in Politics/culture of this country. In 44% of cases, pediatricians believed their patient had been harmed by a failure to use conventional medicines. That's a complex undertaking, given the large number of drugs that come from India, China and many other countries. The deal, expected to close in the next year, comes amid an unusual level of jockeying in the veterinary medicine business recently. The move is part of a broader effort to remove from sale an estimated 200 unapproved prescription cough medicines made with the narcotic. <CN> We still use Arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from Islamic countries. Islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> In absolute numbers, Europe's Muslim population is projected to grow from 44.1 million in 2010 to 58.2 million in 2030.The Pew Forum is now working on similar comprehensive population studies for other religious groups. We need to work for a Europe that empowers our citizens and our economy. For instance, 27 percent of Americans endorsed violence against the government under some circumstances in a 1998 Pew poll — the same accusation he made against American Muslims. In Europe as a whole, the Muslim share of the population is expected to grow by nearly one-third over the next 20 years... rising to 8% in 2030. Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., claimed hate groups increasingly are targeting Muslims in the United States. <CN> Oh, the same Muslims who contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. Link to MEND factsheet.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> BSA survey data shows wide variance in levels of prejudice throughout the UK. Older men in economically deprived areas are most likely to admit to racial prejudice. The French state, in turn, like other states, must recommit itself to combating prejudice against Muslims. In some ways, the prejudice I experienced felt drove me toward a deeper understanding of Islam. In combined figures for 2012-13, 16% of people questioned in inner London admitted to racial prejudice. <CN> I'd rather have a civilisation based on equality and justice where everyone is judged by their merit and not through sweeping generalisations and prejudice.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> Inflammatory anti-Muslim rhetoric and threatening to bans Muslim immigration or engage in special surveillance of Muslims "hurts the vast majority of Muslims who love freedom and hate terror. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. Sohail Husain is a pediatrician in New Haven, Conn., and Youth President of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community of Connecticut. In the Eighties and Nineties, Europe experienced many acts of terror attacks at the hands of the IRA and other groups. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. <CN> Well most Muslims are here because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of Muslims in the UK are proud to be British, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> Religious Tensions in Myanmar: In western Myanmar, Muslims and Buddhists clash. But some of the worst abuse actually takes place in Muslim-dominated countries. But in Norway, in most of Europe and in America that is our present and our future. The average Christian had nothing to apologize for when Christian fanatics in the former Yugoslavia engaged in genocide against Muslims. All of us, in the nation's interest, [need] to say we are the most successful multicultural society in the world. <CN> Muslims do have a place in Europe's multicultural society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> In truth, however, ordinary Germans and Japanese Americans did indeed serve in World War II with honor and distinction -- just as Muslim-Americans serve today. The group hopes frequent, devastating attacks in its name will provoke overreactions by European governments against innocent Muslims, thereby alienating and radicalizing Muslim communities throughout the continent. But in Europe the fears focus on immigrants and ethnic minorities - which in many places means Muslims. SREBRENICA, BOSNIA — Six months from now, a municipal election will be held in this isolated mining town, the scene of the largest massacre in Europe since World War Two. Today Srebrenica's population, which was 75 percent Muslim before the war, is evenly split between Serbs and Muslims. <CN> After world war 2 European governments recruited Muslims to rebuild Europe. There would not be a civilised Europe without Muslims.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> You know the country is in deep trouble when frustrated voters turn to reality TV celebrities for leadership. The outdoor TV celebrities pride themselves on being clean and humane hunters. After she was sworn in she said, Got to go home and do laundry and get ready to PARTY tonight!Just as he promised in his inaugural speech, Trump told the nation in a national broadcast, You want reality TV? In this election, the center and the left tried various tricks to gain an edge — for instance, by filling their ranks with former journalists and TV celebrities. Back in 2008, he organized lots of events to galvanize young professionals - comedy nights, debate-watching parties, movie nights where you could meet successful movie and TV celebrities. <CN> Every single Muslim? Even our Olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, scientists, all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. You really think they have no place in civilisation?
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> He's right: Politics in the Middle East refract into tensions between Jews and Muslims in Europe. In the recent carnage in Gujarat, most of those killed were Muslims. In Europe, for example, Muslims will make up 10% of the total population. More than 150 people, most of them Muslims, have been killed since June in Buddhist-Muslim clashes in Rakhine State, a sliver of land in western Myanmar where religious hatred runs high. By Kim Yi Dionne July 24 at 12:40 PMTwo days ago, The Monkey Cage featured a guest post on Muslim integration in Europe, encouragingly titled Some good news about Muslims in Europe. <CN> Some of the oldest civilisations in existence are Islamic. I would not call the religious hatred directed at Muslims in Europe 'civilised'.
<HS> Muslims have no place in civilised Europe. <knowl> A climate of fear is taking hold in Europe, as ordinary people increasingly heed rightist rhetoric equating the millions of peaceful Muslims with the few plotting murder and mayhem. Anti-Muslim and anti-Jewish incidents rose throughout 2014 in France, which has Europe's largest communities of both religions. The Prophet Muhammad warned us against ghuluw, or extremism, in religion. "Asylum seekers are blamed for our problems in Europe and Germany. Later, in the young victim's neighborhood, as people absorbed the death, one woman declared, "All the Muslims will die in the country." <CN> Why? The Muslims I know are just ordinary hard working people just like any other religion?
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> — Chuck Woolery (chuckwoolery) April 19, 2013In the ensuing controversy, one thing did not quite come through: Large numbers of Americans appear to agree with him. âSome of my friend not being my friends after I started wearing the hijab was unexpected. ÂToday, there are around two and a half million Muslims in Sri Lanka â the smallest of the island's communities after the Sinhalese majorityÂ and the Tamils. <CN> Where do we deport the Muslims who were born here to?
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> NearDeathExperienceOthers focused on the discrimination Muslims and Arabs face as a result of negative stereotypes. This was a jump in prejudicial attitudes from 2008, when 45 percent of white people expressed negative stereotypes. As an American Muslim of American-Arab Muslim children I have been exposed to stereotypes and prejudices I never knew existed. AP)This question is a good indicator of how one votes: Republican Mitt Romney won 61 percent of those who expressed negative stereotypes. But the CFCM needs to represent all Muslims in France - especially its youth. <CN> The negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the media are not representative of all Muslims. Don't believe everything you read.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> We can't let the bigots and racists back into this situation. Massive Attack has had it with the "bigots and racists" supporting Brexit. Let's not mince words: Donald Trump is a bigot and a racist. But it's not only racists who reduce people to a single identity. Forgive me, but the fact that racists may also be Islamophobic is essentially incidental. <CN> And what should we do with the bigots and racists?
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. But when the Muslims have left the country, what happens next? The specter of such violence has shadowed the country since its birth. The first asked how serious a threat Muslims posed to the country. Otherwise the future of the Muslim community of this country will be gone. <CN> Are you sure about this? Have you interviewed every single person in this country? Tell me more about this.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> Many Muslims in New York live under an umbrella of fear. But none of the Muslim comedians said they were personally offended. Thomas switches to another line of reasoning: Religion provides us with purpose. Nor is the problem confined to Muslims in and around New York. Muslims aren't the only religious minorities that have to do this. <CN> I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> When he says American responsibility is to restrain Israel, everyone agrees. The FBI says threatening phone messages were left last Friday night. That is what meant by CHANGE, and not what some minority says because under freedom of speech people are entitled to say what they wish. Among Muslims who say people of different religions are very free to practice their faith, three-quarters or more in each country say this is a good thing. So, let's stop receiving these people until they put their house together. <CN> If that were really true why are there so few people saying it?
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> When he says American responsibility is to restrain Israel, everyone agrees. Muslims are responsible for more terrorist incidents than everyone sles combined. "A lot of Muslims want peace with Americans, with Jews, with everyone." "When he says there are corrupt governments in the Muslim world, everyone agrees. When he says that Israel did terrible things to the Palestinian people ... everyone agrees. <CN> You mean YOU do not want them here, most everyone else does, sorry.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? The view is especially rare among Central Asian and European Muslims. The second question asked what share of Muslims worldwide supported ISIS. The message to ignore the "American" in American Muslim starts here. No muslim can easily give up Islam without endangering his life. <CN> That is quite a generalisation. What have 'all' Muslims done to deserve being deported?
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "3253", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Beyonce Knowles", "key" : "Beyonce_Knowles" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2134669", "weight" : "94", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354954,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-27T15:47Z", "headline" : "BeyoncÃ© and Jay-Z Not Expecting a Baby", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "Despite rumors, a source close to the singer says she is not pregnant", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2125036", "weight" : "70", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/03/17/paula.abdul.star.search/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-03-18T12:47Z", "headline" : "10 celebs who got famous after 'Star Search'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Perhaps we don't give Paula Abdul enough credit. { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "12096", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Ellen Degeneres", "key" : "Ellen_Degeneres" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2137377", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20355576,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-30T14:50Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Comic Book to Benefit Humane Society", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The new illustrated biography touches on the comedian's love of animals", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2131881", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354165,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-24T19:28Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Gets Under Gerard Butler's Kilt", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The talk-show host wonders if Scottish star prefers to go commando", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2104872", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/02/26/ellen.degeneres.american.idol/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-02-26T15:35Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres' 'Idol' performance draws mixed reviews", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even before Ellen DeGeneres took her seat on \"American Idol,\" the roar began. { "threshold" : "26", "tag" : { "id" : "11365", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Alec Baldwin", "key" : "Alec_Baldwin" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2133772", "weight" : "33", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354813,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-26T15:29Z", "headline" : "Ask Tina Fey a Question!", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "On 30 Rock she spars (lovingly) with Alec Baldwin, and in her new comedy Date Night Tina Fey teams up with Steve Carell as part of a couple who try to spice up their marriage - with disastrous results. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "7019", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Donald H. Rumsfeld", "key" : "Donald_H_Rumsfeld" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "1407570", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2008/US/09/11/911.day/index.html#cnnSTCText", "publishDate" : "2008-09-12T02:49Z", "headline" : "Nation remembers 9/11 victims, heroes", "wool" : "", "tease" : "With moments of silence punctuated by somber music, readings of names, and tears, Americans held solemn memorial services Thursday to honor the victims of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "6412", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Shaquille O'Neal", "key" : "Shaquille_O_Neal" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2146938", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/04/02/shaunie.oneal.basketball.wives/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-04-08T16:28Z", "headline" : "Shaunie O'Neal on the lives of 'Basketball Wives'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even though she knows what it's like to be married to a superstar athlete, Shaunie O'Neal is so over the Tiger Woods drama. <CN> By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> That's the same dislike and distrust that makes fat people less likely to be hired for jobs, take home equal pay or receive adequate medical care under their insurance. Assailants' family homes are already routinely demolished as a punitive measure, and male relatives, or even neighbours, are often detained for questioning. That number rockets if you include people medically defined as overweight. For months the family had slept in constant fear of grenade attacks. But it does not amount to a coherent and sustained family policy. <CN> But the ones I know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. Like most people.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> We are teachers, doctors, lawyers, engineers, store owners and business leaders. We need to find better ways to attract talented people to become teachers. People of various faiths resided in my community: Protestants, Catholics, Jews, Muslims, Hindus, Sikhs and Mormons. Politicians are making a big mistake by criticizing all teachers and trying to limit their salaries or benefits. Experts say addressing the problem requires the cooperation of non-Muslim parents and teachers to educate their kids. <CN> I think many people would disagree. I certainly want all our Muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> The term racism is quite simply in the process of being superseded by Islamophobia. The idea is that tolerance is largely a question of getting to know people. Playing the homophobia card is costlier than playing the Islamophobia card. No anti-Islamic acts have been reported in Germany since the terror. In this context, the arrival of Kamala Khan is cause for celebration. <CN> The vast majority of ordinary, tolerant people would disagree. Muslims are welcome in the UK, Islamophobia is not.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> The outcome of this poor performance is unsurprising: Muslims are poorer, sicker, less likely to own their own homes and more likely to live in bad areas. He was not part of a grand plan to integrate golf. At the time, Hunnam said the couple planned to use the chickens for meat. know the mystical charm and cultural richness of India would be life changing," she said. Sikhs were slightly less integrated (61 per cent) and Hindus slightly more (52 per cent). <CN> No, bad plan. So much less diversity and cultural richness.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> As in the rest of the Muslim world, Islam is integral to Iranian society. So you can see that millions of Muslims think their religion should dictate what happens in society. But I felt angry at the violent responses of SOME Muslims. Besides, Saudi Arabia is one country out of 57 Muslim nations. We know, I said, that the vast majority of Muslims seek peace. <CN> You are aware there are millions of Muslims that add to society and the economy which would collapse.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> Muslims like all immigrants beore them will be assimilated into our country. Muslims are Muslim by religion and French, British, German, American by culture. The assertion that America is misreading Muslim society is supported by polling data. The United States went to war, first in one Muslim country, then another. So what about the role of Shariah today for Muslims living in non-Muslim societies like the U.S or European countries? <CN> Deported to where? Many Muslims were born in this country and are part of our culture and society.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> His nine gold medals trail only American Michael Phelps in Olympic history. GOLD MEDALS: 15 (eight men's and seven women's).OUTLOOK: The women make their Olympics debut. Owens, the American track and field star, won four gold medals in Berlin in his only Olympics in 1936. GOLD MEDALS: 14 (seven men's and women's).OUTLOOK: Men's bouts last five minutes, women's four. He won a record eight gold medals at the Beijing Games, giving him 16 total Olympic medals in his career. <CN> But can we keep the doctors and nurses please, oh and the taxi drivers and my local takeaway, and my son's favourite teacher and I did enjoy getting all those gold medals last Olympics and others.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. She thought it was another imposition of Western ideas on Muslim society. Historians estimate that up to 30 percent of enslaved blacks were Muslims. And we have to afford that same assumption of innocence to Muslims. A vast majority of Muslims reject the use of Shariah to legitimate terrorism. <CN> Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> Anti-Semitism has become a catchall sentiment for many different groups of angry people. "People are angry, people are frustrated," he said, adding it would have been easy to stir up those frustrations and make people more angry. So, let's stop receiving these people until they put their house together. People should only immigrate to America if they want to join our culture. "But there are some people in countries abroad that need to be prevented... <CN> Then we would be left with angry people like you. Doesn't seem to be the best plan.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> "The Sky Chef drivers were responsible for removing the unsold mini bottles from each flight. Women are now scientists, finance experts, programmers, chefs, stockbrokers, computer wizards, racecar drivers, electricians, basketball players, etc. Many chefs are also convinced that HFCS is less healthy than sugar, though mainstream scientists say that HFCS and sugar have the same impact on health. The Shimonoseki Fugu Association has strong links with politicians, they say. We are free radicals in a way that scientists can never be. <CN> But we would have much less doctors, chefs, politicians, drivers, scientists, philanthropists.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> But when the Muslims have left the country, what happens next? The first asked how serious a threat Muslims posed to the country. Otherwise the future of the Muslim community of this country will be gone. I urge any muslim country withhelp the Rohingya muslims beingslaughtered by the Myanmar terrorists. Muslims make up about 15 percent of Central African Republic's 4.6 million people. <CN> What about the many Muslim people born in this country? Where do you propose to deport them to?
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> Recently the debate about abortion bills has come to resemble the Monty Python sketch about the Tax on Thingy. One year we performed the Monty Python sketch 'How Do You Tell A Witch' on the class camping trip. It might sound like something out of a Monty Python sketch, but Comet the Dog is not dead yet. It was surreal, the kind of performance that would generate a hearty laugh if it were part of a Monty Python sketch. Olympic Medal MOST MEDALS EVER!!!has officially won more Olympic medals than ANY OLYMPIAN IN HISTORY -- winning hismoments ago during the 4x200m relay. <CN> Except when you need a taxi, a surgeon, a teacher, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> Between 1.4 million and 2 million British citizens live across the European Union. "Demos commissioned pollster YouGov to survey 2,086 British citizens online between May 4 and 9. Here are the top five countries where British citizens live:Have something to add to this story? You know when the government puts them around... for the most part, very few people know where they even are. And just a few months ago a federal immigration judge ordered a dozen Iraqi Christians deported from a facility in San Diego. <CN> There's a few people I do not want here but deporting British Citizens feels a bit like a dictatorship.
<HS> All Muslims should be deported, no one wants them here. <knowl> The NHS provides a wide range of adjustments for Muslims and other staff, said a spokesperson. Inverness is home to a few hundred Muslims, although numbers fluctuate with short-term employment contracts in the NHS and other industries. The NHS, one of the biggest employers of Muslims in the UK, said trusts determined policy individually in accordance with the Equality Act. In the depths of winter, the daily fast can be as short as eight hours, compared with more than 20 hours in some places this year. Zakat, or charitable giving, is one of the five pillars of Islam and required for Muslims; sadaqah is additional voluntary charity. <CN> Then why did we ask them to come in the first place, wasn't it to save our NHS, run the trains and post office. None of those were doing very well last time I looked, I think we might actually still need them.
<HS> Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth? <knowl> Workers prepare to install a statue of Jesus on Mount Sednaya, Syria. An even larger statue of Jesus was built in Poland in 2010. The large cross, which hung with a statue of Jesus, weighed 1,320 pounds. The statue of Jesus in the back of the church is still missing fingers, a scar from Hurricane Katrina; one that Kern hopes to restore this year. Penitents carry a wooden statue of Jesus Christ made by Italian sculptor Carmine Lantriceni, during a procession Thursday in the small island of Procida in the Gulf of Naples, Italy. <CN> Because one person does not represent a whole religion, which one person today could reflect the whole of Christianity through their behaviour and belief?
<HS> Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth? <knowl> An even larger statue of Jesus was built in Poland in 2010. The large cross, which hung with a statue of Jesus, weighed 1,320 pounds. Korean War veteran Gabe Spataro's recent dive to an underwater statue of Jesus he helped transport from Italy to the United States was a reunion 51 years in the making. The Nigerian monument is dwarfed by the famous Christ the Redeemer statue of Jesus that stands atop Corcovado mountain overlooking Rio de Janeiro. <CN> For an individual disrespecting someone else's religion, you sure are angry about an individual disrespecting someone else's religion.
<HS> Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth? <knowl> Workers prepare to install a statue of Jesus on Mount Sednaya, Syria. An even larger statue of Jesus was built in Poland in 2010. His record includes a number of efforts to improve the status of members of the country's minorities, most of whom are Muslim. The large cross, which hung with a statue of Jesus, weighed 1,320 pounds. Penitents carry a wooden statue of Jesus Christ made by Italian sculptor Carmine Lantriceni, during a procession Thursday in the small island of Procida in the Gulf of Naples, Italy. <CN> This is generalization. Maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. Besides, some governments even destroys people's house. We should pay much more attention to this instead.
<HS> Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth? <knowl> Workers prepare to install a statue of Jesus on Mount Sednaya, Syria. An even larger statue of Jesus was built in Poland in 2010. The large cross, which hung with a statue of Jesus, weighed 1,320 pounds. Penitents carry a wooden statue of Jesus Christ made by Italian sculptor Carmine Lantriceni, during a procession Thursday in the small island of Procida in the Gulf of Naples, Italy. Korean War veteran Gabe Spataro's recent dive to an underwater statue of Jesus he helped transport from Italy to the United States was a reunion 51 years in the making. <CN> Muslims also contribute a lot to our society by doing manys works that our own people do not want to do, or doing cutting edge research.
<HS> Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth? <knowl> An even larger statue of Jesus was built in Poland in 2010. The large cross, which hung with a statue of Jesus, weighed 1,320 pounds. Penitents carry a wooden statue of Jesus Christ made by Italian sculptor Carmine Lantriceni, during a procession Thursday in the small island of Procida in the Gulf of Naples, Italy. Korean War veteran Gabe Spataro's recent dive to an underwater statue of Jesus he helped transport from Italy to the United States was a reunion 51 years in the making. <CN> The best way to beat hatred is not with more hatred.
<HS> Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth? <knowl> Workers prepare to install a statue of Jesus on Mount Sednaya, Syria. An even larger statue of Jesus was built in Poland in 2010. The large cross, which hung with a statue of Jesus, weighed 1,320 pounds. A majority of the film was shot in Italy , on several locations affected by World War II . Penitents carry a wooden statue of Jesus Christ made by Italian sculptor Carmine Lantriceni, during a procession Thursday in the small island of Procida in the Gulf of Naples, Italy. <CN> Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
<HS> Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth? <knowl> An even larger statue of Jesus was built in Poland in 2010. Korean War veteran Gabe Spataro's recent dive to an underwater statue of Jesus he helped transport from Italy to the United States was a reunion 51 years in the making. The United States went to war, first in one Muslim country, then another. The large cross, which hung with a statue of Jesus, weighed 1,320 pounds. <CN> Many Muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. Maybe we should invite more?
<HS> Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth? <knowl> Workers prepare to install a statue of Jesus on Mount Sednaya, Syria. An even larger statue of Jesus was built in Poland in 2010. Out of *you* Spidey, I see only filth, blindness, violence, repression, and hate. The large cross, which hung with a statue of Jesus, weighed 1,320 pounds. Penitents carry a wooden statue of Jesus Christ made by Italian sculptor Carmine Lantriceni, during a procession Thursday in the small island of Procida in the Gulf of Naples, Italy. <CN> What would Jesus say? I do not think He would be preaching intolerance and Hate!
<HS> Italy: Muslim demolishes a statue of Jesus. Italy: Why do we accept their Mosques? Why do we tolerate this scum? And they want to continue to import this filth? <knowl> Out of *you* Spidey, I see only filth, blindness, violence, repression, and hate. The downward spiral of Filth means to demonstrate that he knows nothing. As a person, I felt a victim of sexual doggerel and filth. "Between the leaflets, there was lots of filth difficult to describe in words. Then wonder why nothing you do *works.*I'm not afraid of your Jesus. <CN> Man spreads Hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? And they want to continue this filth?
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> "Most violent acts are committed by people who are not mentally ill, and the vast majority of people with mental illnesses are not violent. Hemingway family mental illness exploredIn the aftermath of the senseless tragedies that just keep on coming and the stigmatizing hysteria that came with them, we desperately need a compassionate reality check against our exaggerated fears of people with mental illness. In the case of mental illness there is so much fear, ignorance and hurtful attitudes that the people who suffer from mental illness needlessly suffer further. It says that mental illness affects ordinary people in normal domestic settings. In CBT, essentially, one learns to either reimagine the significance of illness or discover ways of correcting patterns of unhealthy behavior. <CN> Tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more unhealthy.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> "That's something that warrants further study because that could have political ramifications and divisions - and it's not good for social cohesion in a multicultural society. Santorum called the decision another appeasement, another delay, another opportunity for them to go forward. The rally was conducted by a motley crew of Islamophobes, all railing against the supposed creeping Islamization of Western society. Such on-the-ground appeasement goes well with the linguistic appeasement whereby Obama dares not call radical Islam by name. <CN> Islam is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. Accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> This is normative Islam, adhered to by a billion normal Muslims across the globe. For the moment, there does not seem to be much prospect of a moderate Islam in the Muslim world. He said allowing police to go into Islamic communities, like the NYPD has done, will prevent Muslims from getting radicalized. As the Islamic empire expanded, Jews and Christians were granted legal status in Muslim communities as protected subjects, known as dhimmis. The toxic cocktail of gun violence, unchecked mental illness and deranged ideology that propelled the massacre at Pulse is a threat to all Americans. <CN> Or maybe appeasement to Muslims is just tolerance and understanding. Give that a try!
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> And the stigma of mental illness often discourages people from seeking treatment in the first place. "The problem with mental illness is people don't look at it as a physical illness. This, too, has importance for understanding our attitudes to mental illness. She was brilliant, a lawyer and a doctor, but mentally ill. Rationally, we have nothing to fear from people with mental illness. <CN> Accepting people from all walks of life is not an illness.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> His father said he remembers a deeply troubled son who struggled with what he described as a history of mental illness. Breivik's extraordinarily well-organized and methodical massacre also undermines the idea that he was suffering from a serious mental illness. "I'm not saying her actions were a direct product of mental illness, but she's a bit of a mess," Moore said. The toxic cocktail of gun violence, unchecked mental illness and deranged ideology that propelled the massacre at Pulse is a threat to all Americans. The 40-year-old man, who has a history of mental illness, was charged with attempted murder on Tuesday, Dijon prosecutor Thierry Bas said. <CN> Unicorns eat fairy dust, I said it so it's a fact.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> Mental health, he reasoned, should be more than the absence of mental illness. "Most violent acts are committed by people who are not mentally ill, and the vast majority of people with mental illnesses are not violent. Yet we should be cautious about doing the right thing for the wrong reasons; exaggerating the link between mental illness and violence perpetuates the stigma of mental illness. The overlap between art and mental illness is, of course, very broad. Few have paid a higher price for the nations mental health crisis than the loved ones of severely mentally ill people. <CN> If values of tolerance, respect and human decency are akin to mental illness, I am happy to be classed that way.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> His father said he remembers a deeply troubled son who struggled with what he described as a history of mental illness. Breivik's extraordinarily well-organized and methodical massacre also undermines the idea that he was suffering from a serious mental illness. "I'm not saying her actions were a direct product of mental illness, but she's a bit of a mess," Moore said. The toxic cocktail of gun violence, unchecked mental illness and deranged ideology that propelled the massacre at Pulse is a threat to all Americans. The 40-year-old man, who has a history of mental illness, was charged with attempted murder on Tuesday, Dijon prosecutor Thierry Bas said. <CN> I do not think it is. A 'fact' by who?
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> It's important that Americans understand Islam does not condone violence or the imposition of religious beliefs. Romney said appeasement betrays a lack of faith in America, in American strength and in America's future. Rights activists say that position amounts to an appeasement of extremists. Finally, moderate Islam must powerfully reject the barbaric practices of jihadists. They have also delivered a calamitous blow to followers of the Muslim faith. <CN> Maybe appeasement to people of different faith and beliefs is not such a bad thing. They call it tolerance.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> In most countries, Muslims are much more worried about Islamic extremists than Christian extremists. Instead of fearing them, my Nation colleague Joshua Holland wrote in December, we should be thankful that American Muslims are as successful and well-integrated into our society as they are. People don't realize that there is a diversity of opinion within Islam and that most Muslims condemn extremism and violence. Islamic political parties are least popular in the Palestinian territories — perhaps indicating a rejection of Hamas — as well as in Kazakhstan and Bosnia. However, al Qaeda did succeed in pulling the United States into a position in the Muslim world that has alienated much of Muslim society. <CN> Most Muslims are well-integrated in society and do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> He is reported to have abused drugs and had mental illness issues before finding radical Islam. As a result, defendants with mental illness are much more likely to receive punishment than treatment, putting Massachusetts courts behind much of the country in addressing the mental health crisis. Variables such as political ideology, religious fervor and mental illness are motivating factors, but death comes from the gun. Police across the state shot people who were suicidal or mentally ill dozens of times in the last decade. If you tried to design an environment where mental illness would thrive, it might look a lot like jail or prison. <CN> Putting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded opinion does not make it a fact.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> Santorum called the decision another appeasement, another delay, another opportunity for them to go forward. MPs last night lashed out at Italy for leading the block, and openly accused the Mediterranean country of appeasement. Such on-the-ground appeasement goes well with the linguistic appeasement whereby Obama dares not call radical Islam by name. And while the rest of the media prefers to focus on our response to this appeasement, rather than the appeasement itself, we get it. <CN> If by appeasement you really mean keeping the NHS running, trains running, taxis going, hard working people fed, late night emergency beer runs possible then yeah, it's mental.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> This, too, has importance for understanding our attitudes to mental illness. She was brilliant, a lawyer and a doctor, but mentally ill. Rationally, we have nothing to fear from people with mental illness. "If you met me, youd never know I was mentally ill. The danger is that those with developmental disability, mental illness or other stigmatised conditions are unconsciously seen as alien, different from us. <CN> I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> Mental illness is costing us hundreds of billions in obvious ways.2. He is the author, most recently, of "Surrender: Appeasing Islam, Sacrificing Freedom" (Doubleday, 2009). Italy has 3.7 million small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), employing almost 14.5 million people and contributing 459 billion euros ($581 billion) to the Italian economy, according the European Commission's October report. People with serious mental illness earn, on average, $16,000 less than their mentally well counterparts, totaling about $193 billion annually in lost earnings, according to a 2008 study published in The American Journal of Psychiatry. Eliza is now one of an estimated 11.5 million American adults with a debilitating mental illness, on whom the country spends about $150 billion annually on direct medical costs â therapy, drugs, hospitalizations and so forth. <CN> But as Muslims contribute Billions to the economy, build SMEs, and contribute more than they take is not appeasing its gaining.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> Some mentally ill prisoners refuse treatment because they are unaware of their illness — which worsens their symptoms, the report said. She was brilliant, a lawyer and a doctor, but mentally ill. "The Close family had a long history of severe mental illness. Fisher's greatest contribution to the mental illness community might have been her simplest one: Don't be ashamed to ask for help. Yes, guns, mental illness, and violent tendencies can be a toxic mix. <CN> Peace, tolerance, unity, community, cooperation, being neighbourly, are they mental illness too?
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> That is, we've been changing not only the treatments but also the expression of mental illness in other cultures. Our initiative is intended to cultivate understanding among all religions and cultures. Muslims are Muslim by religion and French, British, German, American by culture. Islam never changes any cultures in the past and will not do in the future. In, Ethan Watters explores how other cultures confront mental illness, and argues that the spread of American culture poses a threat to our understanding of the human psyche. <CN> If you actually knew more about different religions and cultures you would not say this.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> There have been multiple accounts given that he has a mental illness, and that mental capacity likely played a role in today's events. The toxic cocktail of gun violence, unchecked mental illness and deranged ideology that propelled the massacre at Pulse is a threat to all Americans. Instead of a life on the streets or in jail, a child with mental illness can graduate from college and have a successful career. Third, the Islamic world contains multitudes: It is vast and varied. Rights activists say that position amounts to an appeasement of extremists. <CN> It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> His father said he remembers a deeply troubled son who struggled with what he described as a history of mental illness. Breivik's extraordinarily well-organized and methodical massacre also undermines the idea that he was suffering from a serious mental illness. "I'm not saying her actions were a direct product of mental illness, but she's a bit of a mess," Moore said. The toxic cocktail of gun violence, unchecked mental illness and deranged ideology that propelled the massacre at Pulse is a threat to all Americans. The 40-year-old man, who has a history of mental illness, was charged with attempted murder on Tuesday, Dijon prosecutor Thierry Bas said. <CN> No, it is not a fact because it is simply not true.
<HS> Appeasement to Islam and Muslims is a mental illness. It is a fact. <knowl> This, too, has importance for understanding our attitudes to mental illness. She was brilliant, a lawyer and a doctor, but mentally ill. Rationally, we have nothing to fear from people with mental illness. Frese stands as the epitome of successful recovery from mental illness. Yet nearly a quarter have experienced some kind of mental illness themselves. <CN> You obviously do not understand what mental illness is? Why do not you read up on some psychology?
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> Alishba ZarmeenThe thing is, many Muslim women are indeed oppressed, just like many non-muslim women around the world. Muslim women in the UK have asserted they have something to say and he ought to listen. Seventy-eight percent of Moroccan women, 71 percent of Lebanese women and 48 percent of Saudi women polled linked legal equality with the West. To pass over the recent attacks against Muslim women is to concede ground to the mounting terror on women of color that endangers us all. That's just one stereotype about Muslim women, it's not how we all are. <CN> The point of listening to Muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> According to Chaudary, Muslim women tend to be more publicly visible than Muslim men, especially if they wear hijab, making them especially vulnerable. RELATED: MALALA YOUSAFZAI SPEAKS ABOUT SURVIVING BEING SHOT BY TALIBANOn mobile? Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai from Pakistan receives her award. Other prominent Muslim women said they saw hypocrisy in Trump standing up for women's rights in Muslim populations but not in his own family. Malala Yousafzai, from Pakistan, was just a child when she was almost murdered. <CN> Baroness Warsi, Rashida Tlaib, Ilhan Omar, Malala Yousafzai- I could go on. Just because powerful and intelligent Muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> A group of young Muslim women have taken action against Islamophobia in the best possible way. Comprehensive data on the effect of discrimination and hate crimes targeting Muslim women are hard to find. But for Muslim women, these isolated incidents of misogyny or violence have taken on an additional, ugly edge. Muslim women assaulted on campuses as fear of Islamophobia risesPolice are searching for the suspect, described as 6-feet tall and 190 pounds. Muslim Women's Network UK (MWNUK) urged the Labour leader to investigate systematic misogyny displayed by significant numbers of Muslim male local councillors. <CN> It is just so hard to take you seriously when your Islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> Alishba ZarmeenThe thing is, many Muslim women are indeed oppressed, just like many non-muslim women around the world. It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. If there was a real winner tonight, it was Baroness Sayeeda Warsi. Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir pardoned her after British Muslim peers Baroness Sayeeda Warsi and Lord Nazir Ahmedflew to Khartoum to plead her case. "Baroness Sayeeda Warsi, former Conservative Party chairwoman andÂ the first Muslim woman to serve in the Tory cabinet, recently defected to the "Remain" camp. <CN> How about influential figures like Baroness Sayeeda Warsi? Or Harvard Fellow Hayfa Al-Kaylani? Should I list some more brilliantly smart Muslim women?
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> That survey showed that around 28 percent of Muslim women and girls wore a headscarf. In the United States, bigots have attacked Muslim women for using a headscarf, sometimes called the hijab, that many feel Islam requires them to wear. But for Muslim women, these isolated incidents of misogyny or violence have taken on an additional, ugly edge. Judges said the ban was only being applied to Muslim women. In Muslim countries women have been attacked for not wearing it. <CN> So the headscarf impedes brain function? Seems like your problem is sexism and misogyny not Islam.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> Behold the burkini, a full body swimsuit worn by Muslim women. The Sun newspaper demanded on its front page that Muslim women be unveiled. If Muslim women say its a choice to wear it, lets respect them. It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. A bunch of young Muslim Pakistani-American women, however, are now completing that picture. <CN> Perhaps if you listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> Muslim women assaulted on campuses as fear of Islamophobia risesPolice are searching for the suspect, described as 6-feet tall and 190 pounds. A group of young Muslim women have taken action against Islamophobia in the best possible way. But for Muslim women, these isolated incidents of misogyny or violence have taken on an additional, ugly edge. Many devout Muslim women loath that their identities can be reduced to a piece of cloth wrapped on their heads. Although Muslim men and women may both suffer from a presumption of guilt, women experience the additional presumption of victimhood. <CN> [gif of someone laughing] If Islamophobia is getting this weak, perhaps we have nothing to worry about.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> [I think Muslim women] should wear the hijab but Islam is not the only religion in Raqqa. After the attacks, says Georgetown University Professor Yvonne Haddad, more Muslim women became spokespeople for their religion. women from all backgrounds and religions wear my clothes and turbans. In fact, Muslim religion allows even women to marry four times.. [in order] to allow more Muslim women into the workforce," she reflects. <CN> You decide whether or not people are intelligent based on their religion? Well, this is not a way forward.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. Muslim women living in non-Muslim majority nations frequently lack intellectually and professionally equal Muslim partners. Shelina Zahra Janmohamed is a writer and commentator on Muslim womens issues, and has been named as one of the UKs 100 most influential Muslim women. Alishba ZarmeenThe thing is, many Muslim women are indeed oppressed, just like many non-muslim women around the world. In addition, the same survey showed many more Muslim men (70%) than Muslim women (54%) think marrying a non-Muslim is acceptable. <CN> And when CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are 3 times more likely to get an interview than those submitted under a Muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate against Muslim women.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> And although the venom of anti-Muslim sentiment is directed against both men and women, it is a particularly gendered crisis. "Khan said the niqab is worn by "a tiny minority" of British Muslim women. Women, by contrast, typically adopt an expansive listening position, enjoying the journey, going with the flow. She said the controversy had driven more Muslim women to start wearing the niqab in "rebellion. Concerning women's rights in general, most Muslim women polled associated sex equality with the West. <CN> What is the point in listening to Western men? They are all Islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> Khalique pointed out that some of the recent backlash has been aimed at Muslim women. Concerning women's rights in general, most Muslim women polled associated sex equality with the West. Muslim women in Sudan are prohibited from marrying non-Muslims, although men are allowed to married outside their faith. Iranian law says women have to wear a hijab in public, while Saudi Arabia requires Muslim women to wear the hijab. What do Muslim women think of the ban?This is not the first time that women's clothing has been restricted in France. <CN> So how come I met so many intelligent and smart Muslim women then? I think you should not be so quick to judge.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> It's used by Muslim women so they can remove their hijabs. But if anything, discriminatory burkini bans risk making Muslim women less secure. The interviewer then noted that some Muslim women wear such clothing by choice. The mayor's ban has drawn protests from French Muslims who say it is discriminatory. While it also covers balaclavas and hoods, the ban has been criticised as targeting Muslim women. <CN> That is quite a big generalisation, and obviously a false and discriminatory one too.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> That's just one stereotype about Muslim women, it's not how we all are. Behold the burkini, a full body swimsuit worn by Muslim women. More than 250,000 black Muslim women live in the United States, and globally the black female Muslim population reaches tens of millions. France has Europe's largest Muslim population, estimated at well over 5 million. But I do advocate that we all lift any veils that prevent us from seeing Muslim women's issues are our issues, too. <CN> Not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> Alishba ZarmeenThe thing is, many Muslim women are indeed oppressed, just like many non-muslim women around the world. Concerning women's rights in general, most Muslim women polled associated sex equality with the West. Behold the burkini, a full body swimsuit worn by Muslim women. More than 250,000 black Muslim women live in the United States, and globally the black female Muslim population reaches tens of millions. She writes for CNN as part of the "Muslim in 2010" special coverage.(CNN) -- Muslim women are more high profile than ever in 2010. <CN> Wow! Offending Muslims, women, and disabled people, all in one tweet? What made you so angry?
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> Muslim women in the UK have asserted they have something to say and he ought to listen. She said the controversy had driven more Muslim women to start wearing the niqab in "rebellion. Muslim women living in non-Muslim majority nations frequently lack intellectually and professionally equal Muslim partners. [I think Muslim women] should wear the hijab but Islam is not the only religion in Raqqa. But I can see the point — Muslim women need something they can relax in by the seaside. <CN> What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> nowadays you have to have hundreds of millions of dollars to prevail. Soundhawk's mission aligns closely with that belief, potentially impacting the hundreds of millions of people experiencing hearing loss globally who do not qualify for existing solutions. The show demonstrates that Muslim women are stereotyped by society, but part of the problem begins at home. Now there is a massive infusion of hundreds of millions of dollars into campaigns for all the candidates. And you look at the kind of hundreds of millions of dollars that have been lost on solar by this government. <CN> Don't use offensive language and you are literally saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life.
<HS> What is the point in listening to Muslim women? They are all retarded. <knowl> "Khan said the niqab is worn by "a tiny minority" of British Muslim women. That's just one stereotype about Muslim women, it's not how we all are. Janmohamed created #TraditionallySubmissive as a way to counteract the idea that Muslim women are submissive. She said the controversy had driven more Muslim women to start wearing the niqab in "rebellion. Mourani said the way the charter stands now, it sends a negative message to Muslim women. <CN> The point is they might teach you a thing or two about first, respect, and secondly, tolerance.
<HS> Labour party counts upon the votes of Britain Muslims, that is why they do not deal with disgusting antisemitism from their side! It is a question of math, that is all. <knowl> He had been accused of antisemitism because of his long record of criticism of Israeli government policy towards the Palestinians, he said. Livingstone's comments about Hitler and Zionism came amid a spate of suspensions of Labour party officials and activists for making allegedly antisemitic comments on social media. Accusing Livingstone of bigotry and of being plainly antisemitic, he said: His views are utterly repellant to our community. Shah's suspension was the latest in a series of incidents which have raised questions about antisemitism in the Labour party. Chris Bryant, the shadow leader of the House of Commons, has said the issue of antisemitism threatened to destroy Labour values. <CN> Are you accusing all the Britain Muslims of antisemitism? I disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
<HS> Labour party counts upon the votes of Britain Muslims, that is why they do not deal with disgusting antisemitism from their side! It is a question of math, that is all. <knowl> Twelve and Thirteen, and an activist who has made no secret of his political aspirations and strong support of Britain's Labour Party. The scandal had already seen Naz Shah, one of Britain's few female Muslim members of Parliament, suspended from the Labour Party on Wednesday. "These views do not represent the views of the Labour party," he said. But they have gained their selection not primarily because of their ability, but because they are part of the Labour Party's unofficial Fast Stream. A 1,500-page manifesto attributed to Breivik posted on the Internet is critical of Muslim immigration and European liberalism, including Norway's Labour Party. <CN> I do not think Muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. Thus, I do not think the labour party is biased towards them.
<HS> Labour party counts upon the votes of Britain Muslims, that is why they do not deal with disgusting antisemitism from their side! It is a question of math, that is all. <knowl> But he added of the actual election in May: The Tories will be ahead of the Labour party in terms of numbers of votes. Twelve and Thirteen, and an activist who has made no secret of his political aspirations and strong support of Britain's Labour Party. Muslim Women's Network UK (MWNUK) urged the Labour leader to investigate systematic misogyny displayed by significant numbers of Muslim male local councillors. The balance of power within Labour's ranks still lies in the hands of the moderates. But she said from our experience, Muslim women are most affected by Labour Muslim male councillors due to the latter's number in certain towns and cities. <CN> Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?
<HS> Labour party counts upon the votes of Britain Muslims, that is why they do not deal with disgusting antisemitism from their side! It is a question of math, that is all. <knowl> Twelve and Thirteen, and an activist who has made no secret of his political aspirations and strong support of Britain's Labour Party. The process of winning a presidential nomination here is far different than becoming leader of the Labour Party. All this waterfront machismo will, of course, be dressed up as the ushering in of a new age of Labour Party democracy. "These views do not represent the views of the Labour party," he said. Former minister Chris Bryant branded it a battle for the soul of the Labour Party. <CN> Britain Muslims means they are Britishes who enjoy the right covered by the Act. It is logical that labour party should consider their right and voice as well.
<HS> Islam is a plague infecting our planet. <knowl> Though it is McCathyism to force people to do the same. "And how can you exclude 20 percent of the Egyptian people?" There are a lot of people who speak badly about other religions. That's what people are getting so worried about, especially in Europe. Or at least agree to people openly carrying Bibles in Saudi Arabia. <CN> A religion followed by 1.6 billion people is not a plague.
<HS> Islam is a plague infecting our planet. <knowl> Dave-464185 - uuuh, King Putt , what planet are you from? Will his Christian preschool treat him differently if he identifies as Muslim? Men built every single civilization, city, and major institution on this planet. Infecting women with a permanent victim mentality and criminalizing many good men. If Earth life is going to infect Mars, it's happened repeatedly. <CN> It is just a religion like Christianity or any other. Get over it.
<HS> Islam is a plague infecting our planet. <knowl> The battle must be fought, a battle against intolerance, hatred, myth of cultural superiority and will to hegemony over the other. May God make things easy for them and grant us all the strength and courage to stand up against those who preach intolerance and hatred, even if they look like us, align politically with us, or practice the same religion we practice. "Religious intolerance is not a new feature of the American landscape. Thing is, when you mix perchlorates and water, you get briny water. Of course, that proved to be the farthest thing from the truth. <CN> Hatred and intolerance are the only thing plaguing our planet.
<HS> Islam is a plague infecting our planet. <knowl> Call yourself a religion and then threaten to kill people, wow. Religion sucksAmazing that people still believe in myths of all sorts these days. Because no sucessful modern religion wants its people to die to kill others. Religions drive people to do things a sane person with a conscience would never do. Its their right whether they want religion to be a part of their society or not. <CN> Dare to explain why? I see people from this religion to be valuable members of our society like the rest of us.
<HS> Islam is a plague infecting our planet. <knowl> Saying that democracy and religion (Islam) can coexist is too general of a statement. He was uninvited from the official service for remarks about Islam that some found offensive. Among all the religion, Islam is the worst for it is the most exclusive thinking. Perhaps Christians should start taking responsibility for ehtir own religion and STOP blaming ISLAM for Christianity's failings. Malaysia as a state with Islam as the "official" religion with the Sovereign as ceremonial head of Islam. <CN> Replace islam with any other religion and see just how deeply offensive what you just said is.
<HS> Islam is a plague infecting our planet. <knowl> Like the cartoons, media representations of Muslims tend to be negative. "It really showed atheists why religion should not be in power. This monolithic, negative portrayal provides a skewed image of Islam and Muslims. There's one group, however, that sees little beauty in any religion. Men built every single civilization, city, and major institution on this planet. <CN> Clearly there is so much we can learn from different religions and cultures.Why so negative?
<HS> Islam is the cancer of the world and need to be surgically removed. <knowl> One study found that breast-feeding may help protect women from a particularly vicious type of breast cancer. Most who already embrace Islam are likely to join traditional sects led by Arab and South Asian immigrants. I want to help Danny's doctor so kids with DIPG have more hope to beat their cancer, too. WESTERLY, R.I. (AP) — People from around the world are helping to fulfill the final wish of an 8-year-old Rhode Island boy who's battling a rare type of cancer. The researchers aimed to compare the cancer beliefs of British South Asian cancer patients with those of Caucasian cancer patients. <CN> Actually 26% of British doctors who are Asian or British/Asian are helping to fight cancer.
<HS> Islam is the cancer of the world and need to be surgically removed. <knowl> "Islam is a cancer, period," he said repeatedly, his solemn voice thickly accented. Yet most women in the developing world with these cancers do not receive these inexpensive medications. She said that there is a cancer infecting the world, and said: The cancer is called Islamofacism. They selected 50 countries selected to represent various regions of the world and focused on eight major cancers. The Office of National Statistics in the UK estimates that one in four people will die from cancer. <CN> An entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer.
<HS> Islam is the cancer of the world and need to be surgically removed. <knowl> She said that there is a cancer infecting the world, and said: The cancer is called Islamofacism. She insists that she is singling out only radical Islam or Muslim extremists — not the vast majority of Muslims or their faith. The same DNA segments produced cancers when injected into living mice. In some cases, the combination treatment eradicated even metastasised cancers completely. But I can still raise my voice against words of hatred. <CN> What is truly cancerous is hatred towards an entire faith.
<HS> Islam is the cancer of the world and need to be surgically removed. <knowl> "Left unchecked, Netanyahu said, the world must remove the "cancer" of militant Islam or risk abandoning any hope of world peace. Accordingly, the broader Islamic world will play a critical role in this war. Eboo Patel is working for a better world, we all must do the same. In that world, political Islam, far from being an adversary dedicated to your destruction, becomes part of the family. Intolerance is based upon an imperialistic and colonialistic thinking mode that has to change before the world can change with it. <CN> We would live in a much better world if intolerance was removed instead.
<HS> We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand. <knowl> It is the National Health Service, not the National Health System. We should be clear that what we have is a free National Health Service, not a free International Health Service. The UK's publicly funded National Health Service means insurance and employee health are less intricately bound. The National Health Service, which is financed by taxes and payroll deductions, delivers most care for free. The decision by the National Institute for Health Care Excellence, which does cost-benefit analyses for England's National Health Service, sent Vertex's stock down 7.6 percent to $80.15. <CN> Eradicating these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. Maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. It might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
<HS> We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand. <knowl> The National Health Service, which is financed by taxes and payroll deductions, delivers most care for free. Owen called on Vertex and the National Health Service to find a way to make sure eligible patients in England get access to the drug. The National Health Service is the closest thing the English have to a religion, he wrote. In the United Kingdom, the National Health Service largely replaced the private sector shortly after World War II. Trained as a doctor at the University of Glasgow, and worked as a general practitioner for the National Health Service. <CN> 26% of all doctors working in the NHS are Asian or Asian British, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
<HS> We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand. <knowl> "Babylon Health is a subscription service which you access via a smart-phone app. Owen called on Vertex and the National Health Service to find a way to make sure eligible patients in England get access to the drug. English: NHS logo (Photo credit: Wikipedia)Britain's National Health Service (NHS) turns 65 years old this week. One factor may be recent changes to the National Health Service allowing people more flexibility in choosing a doctor. According to the National Health Service minor side effects of taking the drugs include an upset stomach, headache or insomnia. <CN> Bit of a generalisation, isn't it? If you cannot see that most Muslims contribute positively to the UK, you need to do a quick google search I think.
<HS> We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand. <knowl> The National Health Service, which is financed by taxes and payroll deductions, delivers most care for free. We want to stop the expectation that our health service is free to the entire world, he said. We should be clear that what we have is a free National Health Service, not a free International Health Service. "The National Health Service is our most cherished social institution," said Tom Kibasi, who is the director of the Institute for Public Policy Research, a progressive group headquartered in London. The National Health Service has been praised for providing universal access while being cost effective, while the American system, despite the introduction of the Affordable Care Act in 2010, is still so expensive that many people cannot afford treatment. <CN> Did history teach you nothing? How can you say this about an entire group of people?
<HS> We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand. <knowl> The National Health Service, which is financed by taxes and payroll deductions, delivers most care for free. We should be clear that what we have is a free National Health Service, not a free International Health Service. The National Health Service has been praised for providing universal access while being cost effective, while the American system, despite the introduction of the Affordable Care Act in 2010, is still so expensive that many people cannot afford treatment. Owen called on Vertex and the National Health Service to find a way to make sure eligible patients in England get access to the drug. The National Health Service is the closest thing the English have to a religion, he wrote. <CN> These people are actually subject to a harsh punitive system.
<HS> We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand. <knowl> The National Health Service, which is financed by taxes and payroll deductions, delivers most care for free. We should be clear that what we have is a free National Health Service, not a free International Health Service. Owen called on Vertex and the National Health Service to find a way to make sure eligible patients in England get access to the drug. The National Health Service is the closest thing the English have to a religion, he wrote. British citizens suffer under the rule of their National Health Service, directed by their House of Commons Task Force, which recommended "techniques for determining the cost-effectiveness of new technologies" with "nationally approved standards for the commissioning of new technologies." <CN> Muslims are no more likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-Muslim British population. Stop trying to depict Muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
<HS> We need to eradicate these pests, stop their benefits, free housing, access to our National Health service and remove them ALL from the UK, it is the only language they will understand. <knowl> One factor may be recent changes to the National Health Service allowing people more flexibility in choosing a doctor. We should be clear that what we have is a free National Health Service, not a free International Health Service. "Babylon Health is a subscription service which you access via a smart-phone app. Owen called on Vertex and the National Health Service to find a way to make sure eligible patients in England get access to the drug. The UK's publicly funded National Health Service means insurance and employee health are less intricately bound. <CN> Where exactly do you put people you remove from the UK, when they are from the UK?
<HS> Muslims, if they cannot assimilate, they should emigrate. <knowl> Every year Muslims contribute over £31 billion to the UK economy. Mursaleen, of British Muslim organisation Minhaj-ul-Quran UK, said of the poll: "I agree with the result, which was expected. The Commission on British Muslims and Islamophobia said the aftermath of the 9/11Â attacks has made life more difficult for Muslims in the UK. We are proud to be British because Muslims have contributed to the success of Britain. In 2001, just 33 per cent of British Muslims lived in Britain's poorest places. <CN> 95% of British Muslims feel a loyalty to the UK and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the UK economy. They look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from MEND.org.uk)
<HS> Muslims, if they cannot assimilate, they should emigrate. <knowl> In Australia after the hostage crisis, some Muslims feared revenge attacks. But in England, the backlash against British Muslims has been alarming. have great respect for Muslims, I have many friends that are Muslims. U.S. Muslims are much more mainstream than many Americans might think. In Malaysia, courts ban some non-Muslims from using the word Allah. <CN> One of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. Maybe if you made Muslims feel more welcome, they would?
<HS> Muslims, if they cannot assimilate, they should emigrate. <knowl> Not about the motivations of these individuals, certainly not about entire groups of people. I am convinced that it is the right thing to do for many reasons. There are many reasons for this astonishing quiescence, but technology has played a crucial role. The CEOs may be reticent to point a finger at Trump could be for many reasons. It surely affects large groups of the people who work for them or who buy from them. <CN> Many groups of people feel excluded for many reasons and should be supported.
<HS> Muslims, if they cannot assimilate, they should emigrate. <knowl> Building a multicultural society is something we should be proud of, and fight for. "If you want to give people a sense of confidence about our multicultural society we've got to see leadership from our government," Mr Marles said. "In a multicultural society, that thing ought not be said in the national parliament," she said. "We are increasingly a multicultural society and a five-yearly Census is really important to know how we live and how we are changing," ABS NSW director Liz Bolzan said. It is quite another to state that a multicultural society is impossible, or that Islam is incompatible with democracy. <CN> Maybe you are the one that needs to assimilate to living in a multicultural society with people who are different from you?
<HS> Muslims, if they cannot assimilate, they should emigrate. <knowl> On the contrary, the vast majority care intensely about the progress of their nation. The Romeikes fled their homeland in search of a nation where they could homeschool their children. This unity of feeling, thought, and culture are essential to the development of a strong nation because disintegration of moral unity causes that same nation to weaken. Upon release Little, later known as Malcolm X,of the Nation Of Islam (NOI) leader Elijah Muhammed. The mission of the foundation since 2007 has been to measure how this migrant nation is hanging together. <CN> A nation where everyone is the same sounds like a nation of robots to me.
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. Many of the most ferocious critics have probably never been to a mosque or spent much time in a Muslim country. Many mosques and Muslim organizations throughout this country have released strong statements condemning ISIS and their most recent attacks throughout the world. If he becomes the next Dutch prime minister, Wilders has vowed to ban the Koran, close mosques and Islamic schools and stop immigration from Muslim countries. "There are 78 mosques in the country, according to the ICA, and all have been closed except those in the capital, Luanda, because they are technically unlicensed. <CN> That intolerance and hatred is one of the biggest problems our country faces #spreadlovenothate.
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. Arriving here in Iran's capital, he had felt ready to take on the best Koran reciters in the world. Sure, those are important, but what is it that the world's best-known cruelty-free consumer advocate, Mahatma Ghandi, famously said? As for people who are familiar with both sides of the Koran — people who know the whole story — well, there may not be many of them. <CN> And so Ghandi said, ' An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.'.
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. It means that the regrettable parts of the Koran — the regrettable parts of any religious scripture — don't have to matter. German police launched raids Nov. 15, on around 190 mosques, apartments and offices linked to an Islamist group accused of radicalizing youngsters. Sunni mosques have become rallying points for neighborhood militias, blaring God is great from their loudspeakers to warn of the approach of Shiite gunmen. <CN> How about a constructive approach to solving problems? Violence is never the answer! Nor is scapegoating one religious group as the root of all evil.
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. In addition to holding services, the mosque doubles as a community center, offering Arabic lessons, Koran discussions and communal meals—along with an occasional wedding. all it felt like," he says, "was praying inside a mosque. Shiite militiamen also seized and kept at least 24 Sunni mosques. Militias regard mosques as either places of refuge or tempting targets. <CN> Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. There is no love in Islam -- Only fear and hate. Their hate reflected what I saw in the culture around me. Shiite militiamen also seized and kept at least 24 Sunni mosques. Militias regard mosques as either places of refuge or tempting targets. <CN> It would not solve the hate and persecution that plagues these comments.
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> Burning a Koran is considered by Muslims among the most offensive actions taken against Islam. "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. The Salafist group — also known as Read! — distributes free translated copies of the Koran and attempts to spread the faith. You worship the koran - you are part of the atrocities. Shiite militiamen also seized and kept at least 24 Sunni mosques. <CN> Say this about any other faith and you will see how deeply offensive this is.
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> It means that the regrettable parts of the Koran — the regrettable parts of any religious scripture — don't have to matter. Militias regard mosques as either places of refuge or tempting targets. Demonstrators with semiautomatic rifles surround mosques, ''protesting'' the very existence of Muslim Americans. Not that there aren't plenty of ethnic and religious troubles in this country. <CN> Is this actually a way forward? I do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. Clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> There's a lot in the Islamic tradition that people in this country . . . "So, at the moment, mosques in Luanda are open and people are going for prayers. "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. He later suggested the ban apply only to people coming from countries with a terror history against the US. Exploding sectarian violence has undermined the mosques traditional role as a gathering place, further unraveling the countrys communal fabric. <CN> Yes, that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. Shiite militiamen also seized and kept at least 24 Sunni mosques. Other pastors had burned Korans before and posted video on YouTube. Militias regard mosques as either places of refuge or tempting targets. In Damascus, some mosques were closed and many streets were empty. <CN> Though looking at your tweet, I think what is left would be worse.
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> "So, at the moment, mosques in Luanda are open and people are going for prayers. "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. There are mosques in ben Larby's part of Brooklyn, around the intersection of Atlantic and Flatbush Aves., and Islamic-oriented businesses selling books, groceries, clothing. As for people who are familiar with both sides of the Koran — people who know the whole story — well, there may not be many of them. <CN> Once you burn books you burn people. Has history taught you nothing?
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> Burning a Koran is considered by Muslims among the most offensive actions taken against Islam. "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. No other religion in the world sees more poverty, death, slavery, suicides, hatred and everythingthat is ugly in the world like Islam. National security does not "hinge" on mosque, by Akbar AhmedAkbar Ahmed: Hi, Akbar Ahmed here, I am chair of Islamic Studies at American University. Therefore the only institutions in which the community has invested are mosques and Islamic schools and the sermons and curriculum are dominated by the identity preservation agenda. <CN> Poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. Please enlighten me as to how banishing Islam would solve these problems?
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. Militants appear to be targeting minorities more intensively recently, including attacks on a string of mosques belonging to members of the Shiite Muslim minority sect. local mosques began broadcasting unsubstantiated accounts of the girl's crimes over loudspeakers, hundreds of Christians fled from the poverty-stricken community in fear for their own lives. Last month Corsican lawmakers called on the French state to close down radical mosques on the island, hours after an underground separatist movement issued a threat against Islamic extremists. Earlier this year, a mentally-impaired Muslim man accused of burning a Koran was reportedly dragged out of a Pakistan police station by an angry mob and burned alive. <CN> How will being angry and violent towards members of your own community, who add so much, solve said communities issues?
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> In the Koran's case, however, there was a tag added you seem to have forgotten to include. "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. On many levels Jews have been and remain the quintessential victims of religious intolerance and hatred in western civilization. Many of the most ferocious critics have probably never been to a mosque or spent much time in a Muslim country. He also said that the desecration of any holy text, including the Koran, is an act of extreme intolerance and bigotry. <CN> Really? Cause it seems problems in this country are caused by hatred and intolerance.
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> Demonstrators with semiautomatic rifles surround mosques, ''protesting'' the very existence of Muslim Americans. "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. Many mosques and Muslim organizations throughout this country have released strong statements condemning ISIS and their most recent attacks throughout the world. Anti-Muslim violence in the United States has jumped since the Paris attacks, including gunfire and vandalism targeting mosques and assaults against individual Muslims. The New York Police Department's controversial surveillance program involved efforts to infiltrate mosques and Muslim communities on college campuses to gather intelligence on potential threat. <CN> So that will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred, Brexit. I did not know these were all down to Muslims! Wow!
<HS> We need to Burn the Koran and all the Mosques down - this will solve all problems in this country. <knowl> "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. Shiite militiamen also seized and kept at least 24 Sunni mosques. Militias regard mosques as either places of refuge or tempting targets. I deplore the act of burning the Koran, Mr. Blair said. Nomani showed Fox News a Koran from a mosque in West Virginia. <CN> Sounds very much like incitement to me, do be careful.
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Last year I was given loads of chocolate eggs as Easter gifts. Sales of Easter eggs in the UK are worth around £200m a year, equivalent to around 80m eggs. I realise that for most people the idea of leftover chocolate or Easter eggs is something of an alien concept. This Easter, spare a thought for the inventor of the Easter egg. "Another new Easter egg trend consists of hiding eggs within web pages. <CN> Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Truth is, the creation of chocolate eggs has required the involvement of some questionable science. The end result of this was giant birds producing large eggs with shells of pure chocolate. It might be reasonable to assume that with the production of chocolate eggs, this was the job completed. Given it's been going on for over a hundred years, there are now many sizes and varieties of chocolate-egg laying birds. The company currently dedicates 1% of its marketing budget to mobile. <CN> The companies can follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. It is not necessary to attribute everything to the Muslim invasion.
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Truth is, the creation of chocolate eggs has required the involvement of some questionable science. The end result of this was giant birds producing large eggs with shells of pure chocolate. It might be reasonable to assume that with the production of chocolate eggs, this was the job completed. "Police arrived just as Melanie Russet, Marg Spooner and Lynn Dodwell emerged from the tunnel with flats of chocolate eggs. The goal is to find the Easter Bunny, hiding somewhere on Table Mountain with an enormous chest filled with chocolate eggs. <CN> Just wondering what Muslims have to do with corporate branding tactics designed to make us spend more money.
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Sales of Easter eggs in the UK are worth around £200m a year, equivalent to around 80m eggs. This Easter, spare a thought for the inventor of the Easter egg. Readers, have any of your own video game Easter eggs to share? "Another new Easter egg trend consists of hiding eggs within web pages. Warren Robinett created the first bit of code to be called an Easter egg. <CN> Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Last year I was given loads of chocolate eggs as Easter gifts. Sales of Easter eggs in the UK are worth around £200m a year, equivalent to around 80m eggs. I realise that for most people the idea of leftover chocolate or Easter eggs is something of an alien concept. Easter Egg Hunt (Washington, D.C.)This city-wide Easter egg hunt is organized by the Capella Washington, D.C. hotel. Many people annoyed by the creeping commercialism of Easter — baskets stuffed with video games and iPads, Cadbury chocolates and marshmallow Peeps — lump Easter eggs with the general secularization of the holiday. <CN> Easter Eggs were always about children getting chocolate and very little about any religion.
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> This refers to the three days of Easter that begin with Good Friday, proceed through Holy Saturday, and conclude with Easter Sunday. Truth is, the creation of chocolate eggs has required the involvement of some questionable science. The end result of this was giant birds producing large eggs with shells of pure chocolate. Thousands of Palestinian Catholics smashed boiled egg shells against each other, representing Jesus' emerging from his tomb. It might be reasonable to assume that with the production of chocolate eggs, this was the job completed. <CN> Except for Muslims, both Jesus and Easter are very important so they do not really have a problem with Easter.
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Sales of Easter eggs in the UK are worth around £200m a year, equivalent to around 80m eggs. This Easter, spare a thought for the inventor of the Easter egg. Readers, have any of your own video game Easter eggs to share? "Another new Easter egg trend consists of hiding eggs within web pages. Easter Egg Hunt (Washington, D.C.)This city-wide Easter egg hunt is organized by the Capella Washington, D.C. hotel. <CN> Nobody is deceiving our culture as we still know what Easter eggs are and what they are for. Deceiving would be just banning the eggs!
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Participants must answer a series of historical riddles to find the chocolate eggs, which are then doled out by locals in medieval dress. Truth is, the creation of chocolate eggs has required the involvement of some questionable science. You may point out that chocolate eggs come in many sizes, and you'd be right. The end result of this was giant birds producing large eggs with shells of pure chocolate. The zoo has been holding the annual Easter egg hunt -- or safari in this case -- for several years. <CN> When they start selling eggs in February it's always been about money and not religion.
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Truth is, the creation of chocolate eggs has required the involvement of some questionable science. It might be reasonable to assume that with the production of chocolate eggs, this was the job completed. The Kiss of Judas: A betrayal or just misunderstood?Nothing ends a good "bromance" quite like flagrant, murderous betrayal. Easter Egg Hunt (Washington, D.C.)This city-wide Easter egg hunt is organized by the Capella Washington, D.C. hotel. The end result of this was giant birds producing large eggs with shells of pure chocolate. <CN> I personally think it's more about the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. Atheists like chocolate too.
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> This Easter, spare a thought for the inventor of the Easter egg. "Another new Easter egg trend consists of hiding eggs within web pages. Truth is, the creation of chocolate eggs has required the involvement of some questionable science. But a few veteran programmers say rumours of the death of Easter eggs may be greatly exaggerated. "Cadbury has been making Easter eggs since 1875 - an expensive process at the timemaking fragile dark chocolate shells - but has to maintain its share of "Easter innovation". <CN> Aren't Easter Eggs just another example of corporate greed cashing in on religious celebrations? Surely Easter is a good time to reflect on our consumerism, what are you giving up for lent?
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Truth is, the creation of chocolate eggs has required the involvement of some questionable science. The end result of this was giant birds producing large eggs with shells of pure chocolate. Sales of Easter eggs in the UK are worth around £200m a year, equivalent to around 80m eggs. Image 10 of 11 - Classic Easter candiesReese's Peanut Butter eggs. Lee McCoy runs www.easter-eggs.org.uk, a website that compares the prices of eggs and reviews the products. <CN> When I last looked there were very few words, just pictures of chocolates, that is what makes us want chocolate and sells the eggs.
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> This Easter, spare a thought for the inventor of the Easter egg. Easter egg hunts are a pivotal part of any Easter Sunday gathering. "Another new Easter egg trend consists of hiding eggs within web pages. Easter Egg Hunt (Washington, D.C.)This city-wide Easter egg hunt is organized by the Capella Washington, D.C. hotel. This year, one of those forgotten eggs is speaking out against this injustice in an open letter to Easter egg hunters everywhere. <CN> [insert picture of Easter egg labelled as such] Are they?
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Truth is, the creation of chocolate eggs has required the involvement of some questionable science. The date of Easter is not fixed, but instead is governed by the phases of the moon - how pagan is that?All the fun things about Easter are pagan. Exchange of eggs is an ancient custom, celebrated by many cultures. Although we see no celebration of Easter in the New Testament, early church fathers celebrated it, and today many churches are offering "sunrise services" at Easter - an obvious pagan solar celebration. The development and use of the term Wicca within contemporary Paganism has been a recurring topic of discussion in the field of Pagan studies . <CN> I thought the association of Eggs with the celebration of Easter originally derived from Pagan, pre-Christian practices?
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Sales of Easter eggs in the UK are worth around £200m a year, equivalent to around 80m eggs. Lee McCoy runs www.easter-eggs.org.uk, a website that compares the prices of eggs and reviews the products. The glut of Woolworths' eggs is really hurting people [especially] the small people. Truth is, the creation of chocolate eggs has required the involvement of some questionable science. The end result of this was giant birds producing large eggs with shells of pure chocolate. <CN> Looks to me like supermarkets just want to sell more products to people regardless of faith.
<HS> Quite strange, the majority of Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs', I think this is because of the Muslims in our country, and the companies are betraying our culture. <knowl> Last year I was given loads of chocolate eggs as Easter gifts. Sales of Easter eggs in the UK are worth around £200m a year, equivalent to around 80m eggs. I realise that for most people the idea of leftover chocolate or Easter eggs is something of an alien concept. This Easter, spare a thought for the inventor of the Easter egg. "Another new Easter egg trend consists of hiding eggs within web pages. <CN> Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.
<HS> What have Muslims ever done for us? <knowl> It is clear that the Remain campaign believes its strongest card is the economy and risk. It is very encouraging that one of our closest international partners is already seeking to establish just such a deal. Proximity remains an important factor in international trade, said Ms Pryce. Output has continued to contract and international trade has fallen precipitously. Every year Muslims contribute over £31 billion to the UK economy. <CN> The UK couldn't thrive without international trade. Trade with Muslim countries boosted our economy to help make Britain as strong as it is today.
<HS> What have Muslims ever done for us? <knowl> "This is a gift for Muslims in India on the occasion of New Year. The decision isn't likely to be made until the committee meets in the new year, a Home Office spokesman told Mashable. Clashes have broken out between Palestinians and Israeli police in Jerusalem's Old City at the Al-Aqsa mosque compound before the start of the Jewish new year. Police have also heightened security over the next 48 hours ahead of Jewish new year where thousands are expected to enter the Old City and visit the Western Wall, he said. And if any group needs better education, it is Britain's Muslims. <CN> How about this. [insert link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's or more up to date example].
<HS> What have Muslims ever done for us? <knowl> And it barred the way for me to write about what I knew for a good 15 years. Obama has been absent from the Muslim community for many years. By breaking down cliches and depicting non-stereotypical Muslim characters, it reflects the range of cultures that fall under Islam's umbrella. The script called for his character, Raza, to be a Muslim terrorist. Some Muslim characters drank wine with dinner and engaged in premarital sex. <CN> British literature has been influenced by Islamic writing for hundreds of years, even Shakespeare included Muslim characters. [link to Othello wiki with example].
<HS> What have Muslims ever done for us? <knowl> They were able to see their entire lives on those maps. But in every one of those maps, ISIS turf is growing. Oscar Mayer is thrilled to bring the first-ever bacon-scented mobile device to market, giving bacon aficionados a new reason to welcome their morning alarm clocks. But the large new Muslim populations are not always welcome, he said. As far as I know this is unprecedented and a welcome first. <CN> Perhaps invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? You are welcome.
<HS> What have Muslims ever done for us? <knowl> It was composed of German officers and Bosnian Muslim soldiers . U.S. Muslims believe different things and honor their faith in different ways. It was the largest act of mass murder in Europe since World War II . Rather, he spoke as a "believer" making a passionate religious argument that it is wrong for the U.S. to make Muslim soldiers fight in Muslim lands. Among some non-Muslim soldiers, Islam itself, not extremism, is often seen as the problem. <CN> [insert picture of first/second world war Muslim soldiers, example The World's War, Forgotten Soldiers of Empire] they have fought and died for our country.
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> Mr Turnbull acknowledged the important contribution Muslims have made to Australian society. It now also focuses on other diseases, including tuberculosis and HIV. Can you catch Ebola from an infected blanket?What Texas can learn from Nigeria when it comes to containing EbolaA Liberian doctor is using HIV drugs to treat Ebola victims. Ebola and HIV are both transmitted through bodily fluids, and potentially fatal. Our responses to the epidemic of HIV have several lessons to teach us. <CN> Muslims contribute a lot to our society. What are you contributing other than intolerance?
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> HIV is even more elusive — it can mutate and evade an immune response within one person's body. But some viruses, such as HIV, show only generic symptoms at first, making it difficult to detect them. Yahoo has acquired Bread, a URL shortener whose links included interstitial ads designed by the person who shortened them. Much, in fact, as people in America refused to touch HIV-positive people a few decades back, only with better reason. It now also focuses on other diseases, including tuberculosis and HIV. <CN> This person may be the only one able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> When the immune system is impaired, the risk of other infections increases. Ebola has killed 4,000 and infected more than twice that number of people. With Ebola right now, about seven out of 10 people are dying (in Guinea), but not everybody. For decades now HIV activists have vowed that this sort of public health insanity would never happen again. Even HIV and SARS are twice as contagious, on average, than Ebola, with a so-called R0 rate of 4. The R0 rate measures how many other people an infected person infects. <CN> Can you not see how offensive this is? Just replace what you said with any other group of people.
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> Ebola and HIV are both transmitted through bodily fluids, and potentially fatal. Can you catch Ebola from an infected blanket?What Texas can learn from Nigeria when it comes to containing EbolaA Liberian doctor is using HIV drugs to treat Ebola victims. What we didn't discuss was the chance of me catching Ebola, because we both knew the chances were minuscule. Logan first tried another HIV drug on an Ebola patient, but it didn't seem to work, he told CNN. With the potential costs so high, we cannot afford to make the same political mistakes with Ebola that we did with HIV. <CN> Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> Clinic officials, together with porn industry leaders, have long promoted regular testing of porn performers for sexually transmitted diseases an an effective way to prevent the spread of disease. In the West African regions at the center of the epidemic, the spread of Ebola has been nothing short of disastrous. He too died in the line of duty, as did most members of his unit: researchers, nurses and even a driver. This means it can also be a conduit for spreading disease. HIV activists know all too well the fatal consequences of a public health response founded on fear and stigma instead of scientific evidence. <CN> This is a poor/non-existent understanding of epidemiology. Perhaps a little research on the spread of disease is called for.
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> Mr Turnbull acknowledged the important contribution Muslims have made to Australian society. we must know the number of Muslims who support Ebola CackerotGoogle "Muslims rally against Ebola".. For decades now HIV activists have vowed that this sort of public health insanity would never happen again. The center provided breakthroughs for HIV drug development and, more recently, the development of a drug for Hepatitis C. chuchijabroneI am not muslim and I am here to say that I understand that all muslims don't spread ebola. <CN> If you do not think Muslims have ever done anything for 'us' I think you need to do a quick google search. The evidence of Muslims contributions to society is everywhere!
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> HIV activists know all too well the fatal consequences of a public health response founded on fear and stigma instead of scientific evidence. FDA approves a new drug on the basis of scientific data submitted by a drug sponsor to demonstrate that the drug is safe and effective. It now also focuses on other diseases, including tuberculosis and HIV. These are problems including malaria, HIV and neglected infectious diseases, including Ebola. <CN> Provided the basis for all Western scientific and philosophical knowledge?
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> Can you catch Ebola from an infected blanket?What Texas can learn from Nigeria when it comes to containing EbolaA Liberian doctor is using HIV drugs to treat Ebola victims. Anyone concerned about scientific research, especially work aimed at developing cures for serious diseases, should be appalled at this development. They then released videos catching the officials in the act of talking bluntly, even crudely, about the techniques of collecting and distributing fetal tissues. That tissue is distributed to researchers who use it for "finding cures and treatments for cancer, diabetes, HIV/AIDS, cardiac disease, and other significant medical conditions. The Mississippi case shows "there may be different cures for different populations of HIV-infected people," said Dr. Rowena Johnston of amFAR, the Foundation for AIDS Research. <CN> Are you talking about the Muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> If a virus has killed hundreds of millions of people, why keep it alive? Ebola has killed 4,000 and infected more than twice that number of people. With Ebola right now, about seven out of 10 people are dying (in Guinea), but not everybody. About 1.5 million people annually die of HIV worldwide, and almost as many die from tuberculosis. For decades now HIV activists have vowed that this sort of public health insanity would never happen again. <CN> How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> We talked to experts to discover the risks of catching the disease mid-flight. How much do crowded plane cabins increase the risk of catching and spreading infectious diseases beyond national borders? She said some immigrants, primarily from Africa, have HIV and tuberculosis, but there is no evidence they're spreading the disease. "HIV/AIDS, for example, certainly has killed more people, and up until recently, there was no treatment for that disease either. Thirty years later, the scare over HIV and AIDS led to many refusing to even get near those believed to have the disease. <CN> That is a sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these diseases spread.
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> I was a clinical nurse specialist working with people with HIV/Aids three decades ago when HIV was first identified. She said some immigrants, primarily from Africa, have HIV and tuberculosis, but there is no evidence they're spreading the disease. Thirty years later, the scare over HIV and AIDS led to many refusing to even get near those believed to have the disease. Because the HIV viruses taken from the different samples showed many different mutations, that shows HIV had been infecting many people for quite a time. I never asked for HIV and I don't deserve HIV, but I did engage in risky behaviors thinking that it would never happen to me. <CN> Apart from the fact that you couldn't catch HIV like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> It now also focuses on other diseases, including tuberculosis and HIV. Ebola and HIV are both transmitted through bodily fluids, and potentially fatal. Can you catch Ebola from an infected blanket?What Texas can learn from Nigeria when it comes to containing EbolaA Liberian doctor is using HIV drugs to treat Ebola victims. Our responses to the epidemic of HIV have several lessons to teach us. We talked to experts to discover the risks of catching the disease mid-flight. <CN> Clearly this is not a way to catch a disease is it?
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> But HIV/AIDS carries a stigma unlike cancer or most other diseases. People generally, including heterosexual Australians, had become more complacent towards catching HIV, Wilson said. She said some immigrants, primarily from Africa, have HIV and tuberculosis, but there is no evidence they're spreading the disease. In people without HIV, the count is above 500."These data are suggestive of no substantial shift in the disease stage at which people are diagnosed despite recent initiatives to increase HIV testing," the report said. Just because HIV has been earmarked as a "gay" disease in the past, does not mean we are to bow before it. <CN> Yes, except that HIV is more common among Christians and it's not a contact disease.
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> It now also focuses on other diseases, including tuberculosis and HIV. Two decades later, cons began spreading beyond the borders of science fiction. The World Science Fiction Society later labeled the annual convention series Worldcon. Science fiction does seem to be an increasingly ripe genre for women. Ebola and HIV are both transmitted through bodily fluids, and potentially fatal. <CN> This sounds like a science fiction if you ask me!
<HS> Never break bread with a Quranimal. You risk catching HIV and/or Ebola. <knowl> Despite the immense progress in HIV care that has been made since Ryan White fought for his rights, much remains to be done. In that scenario, the average HIV-infected person would spend about $326,500 on care over their remaining years. Their goal is to coordinate a comprehensive approach to contain the epidemic through carefully collaborated medical care and social services. For the analysis, the researchers used data on healthcare and prescription drug costs to determine how much the average person with HIV will spend on medical care if infected with the virus when 35 years old. We are finally advancing patient-centered medical care, which normalizes the radical notion that patients, irrespective of race, sexual orientation or neighborhood, are people whose humanity should be affirmed in support of reaching their full life potential. <CN> Fought in 2 world wars for us, provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. Need I go on?
<HS> Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you! <knowl> The mindless cheering is the most disgusting part, one commenter wrote. They address prisoners' behaviour and ultimately this helps to reduce re-offending. The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) has called the book disgusting. The shocked grandchild wrote: Such rude people indeed still exist in our world. Offenders should be MADE to go on these courses to address their behaviour. <CN> Why are you so rude to other people? I do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them for sure.
<HS> Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you! <knowl> Others have suggested that disgusting images can even alter people's political leanings. He raised four kids in Southeast before helping care for five grandchildren and five great-grandchildren. Trump is disgusting, Anybody but Trump and Trump loves to hate above people tailgaiting prior to the Rose Bowl. As a kid, James Peoples had worked, mostly barefoot, on his family's North Carolina tobacco farm, living without electricity or indoor plumbing. Then, as he walked back into their apartment building, Peoples collapsed. <CN> So much hatred. We must respect and understand all peoples.
<HS> Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you! <knowl> REM's Michael Stipe used more forthright language: Go fuck yourselves, the lot of you - you sad, attention-grabbing, power-hungry little men. But doubt on its own can turn into anger and fundamentalism. "It made him feel good just to make other kids smile. The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) has called the book disgusting. #Disgusting #CheapAnother outraged viewer added: Am I watching Big Brother or porn? <CN> May I remind you to mind your language? Do you want to share me with your anger, maybe I can help you?
<HS> Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you! <knowl> The thin air and high stress, plus attitudes toward airlines and their employees, seem to foment rude, even violent behavior—not to mention all the disgusting... I got my medical marijuana card, I don't smoke 'cause it's disgusting, disgusting and I could say in the past I have tried it, it's sick. Never use the speakerphone without first letting the other person know. Do people honestly think that this makes a person feel young? "Cait is courageous and beautiful and yes even a role model. <CN> I do not know what Muslims have done to you, but I know many beautiful and kind persons among them. So it is very rude and inconsiderate of you to call them disgusting.
<HS> Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you! <knowl> Candy is like coffee for kids: you always want it, it's bad for your teeth and your grandparents' version of it is disgusting. The fellas — they're 80 years old — kids, ya know? You are disrespecting all of the victims of this disgusting act. The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) has called the book disgusting. My kids were starting to think, where am I going to live? <CN> What happened, my friend? Do you want to talk about what is in your mind?
<HS> Go fuck yourselves disgusting Muslims! You wont marry my kids or grandchildren, we all hate you! <knowl> "She raised four kids, and has 12 grandchildren and six great-grandchildren. Grandparents have to be mindful of that and respect how their kids treat their own children. She has 30 grandchildren, 23 great-grandchildren and has been married to her husband Dave for 53 years. There has been a shift in the way people bring up their children, says Christine Northam, a Relate counsellor. People have to realize I'm not doing this to harm or insult anyone or bring back bad memories. <CN> You have a stance, that is your right. But it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
<HS> Muslims in China were forced to eat pork and drink alcohol during the recent Chinese New Year celebration - At least China is doing it right!! <knowl> In mainland Europe, parents typically introduce their children to drinking by offering them watered down alcohol alongside meals. Alexander Imich of New York City, formerly known as the world's oldest man, said he didn't drink alcohol. The study is small and preliminary, but there's a growing interest in how energy drinks and alcohol interact in the body. I'm not encouraging people to drink alcohol all the time, he adds. The chief prosecutor in the case, Frank Di Maio, said the high-class call girls were paid in money and drugs to encourage clients to drink expensive alcohol. <CN> You really want to support the role of the State in prescribing what people should eat or drink?
<HS> Muslims in China were forced to eat pork and drink alcohol during the recent Chinese New Year celebration - At least China is doing it right!! <knowl> Oceania follows in the footsteps of Celebrity Cruises, which began offering all-you-can-drink alcohol packages in 2009. Alexander Imich of New York City, formerly known as the world's oldest man, said he didn't drink alcohol. The group has defiantly released a series of video interviews with relatives, filmed earlier this year, via Human Rights in China. The study is small and preliminary, but there's a growing interest in how energy drinks and alcohol interact in the body. Teens who lived in non-intact family environments, and were allowed to drink at home, had the highest levels of negative alcohol involvement. <CN> Aren't you expressing support for a form of torture? Whatever happened to 'British values'?
<HS> Muslims in China were forced to eat pork and drink alcohol during the recent Chinese New Year celebration - At least China is doing it right!! <knowl> Alexander Imich of New York City, formerly known as the world's oldest man, said he didn't drink alcohol. In order to not alienate them, Ken told donors he sheds pounds by not drinking. At 111 years old, Bernando LaPallo of Mesa, Ariz., massages his feet in olive oil. Purposeful messages aimed at Muslim millennials won't be found in government efforts or Washington, DC, says Pandith. His most recent job was provost at Purchase College, part of the State University of New York system. <CN> Doing it right'? I think you have got your moral compass upside down!
<HS> Muslims in China were forced to eat pork and drink alcohol during the recent Chinese New Year celebration - At least China is doing it right!! <knowl> On New Year's Day, people will ask if you've had your peas and cabbage. For good fortune in the New Year, a plate of black-eyed peas is considered auspicious, especially in the American South. But on New Year's Day, he falls back on the dried black-eyed peas mixed with rice that his wife was raised on. In Mississippi, where one of the worst things you can say about someone is that their peas taste like dishwater, no one eats rice with peas. For one thing, the bag of dried peas you picked up at the grocery store for New Year's Day was most likely grown in California. <CN> Being forced to eat my peas when I was a kid just made me hate them even more. Still cannot stomach the damn things.
<HS> Muslims in China were forced to eat pork and drink alcohol during the recent Chinese New Year celebration - At least China is doing it right!! <knowl> In China, the government is persecuting Tibetan Buddhists and Uighur Muslims. The Dalai Lama has lived in exile in India since the Chinese Army crushed an uprising in his homeland in 1959, and he is revered as the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhists. Tulku also includes interviews with some of the greatest living Tibetan Buddhist teachers. The Dalai Lama is the traditional religious and temporal head of Tibetan Buddhists. Lhasa, a site of supreme significance for Tibetan Buddhists, is awash with brothels and barracks. <CN> Would you say the same if this was about, say, Tibetan Buddhists suffering the same sort of coercion?
<HS> Isis Bride wants to return to the UK. Let her rot. A dog born in a stable is not a horse. Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH! <knowl> She said : " This was a matter of principle . According to the Encyclopedia of British Horseracing , Nagle trained her first racehorse in 1920 , the Irish - bred colt Fernley . She believed dogs should be capable of carrying out the work the breed was developed to do , and she promoted coursing . In August 1932 she entered a dog named Sulhamstead Token D 'Or into the Scottish Field Trials in the same category . Described as " the Mrs Pankhurst of British horse racing " , Nagle trained her first racehorse in 1920 , the Irish - bred colt Fernley . <CN> Given that a belief in the rule of Law is generally cited as a 'British value' - surely its important that this person is returned to the UK to stand trial for whatever crimes they may have committed?
<HS> Isis Bride wants to return to the UK. Let her rot. A dog born in a stable is not a horse. Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH! <knowl> In 1885 , St. Gatien was moved to the stable of James Waugh . A worn sign on the side of the stable still advertises rides. None of the stable owners say they ever got an offer from him. He said the stable used to be one of the only landmarks around. Owners of the other two Manhattan stables face a different, and more urgent, dilemma. <CN> Dog's and horse's do not have passports. A stable isn't a country, and matters of nationality and citizenship are legal constructs, rather than genetics.
<HS> Isis Bride wants to return to the UK. Let her rot. A dog born in a stable is not a horse. Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH! Not BRITISH! <knowl> Nagle 's activities were not confined to dogs and horses . Photograph: The Royal CollectionThe British Museum is a most distinguished and well-stocked stable. "He thinks he's more of a dog than a horse," O'Sullivan said. Described as " the Mrs Pankhurst of British horse racing " , Nagle trained her first racehorse in 1920 , the Irish - bred colt Fernley . Her endeavours led to her being described as " the Mrs Pankhurst of British horse racing " in Stud & Stable Magazine and " Racing 's Emily Pankhurst " . <CN> A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but it's still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizens, be they good or evil surely?
<HS> There should be no Mosque in this country. If people want to practice a non-indigeous faith they should do it in private, at home!! <knowl> France, which is home to the EU's largest Muslim community, prohibits the use of state funds for places of worship. By June he had started placing homemade explosives outside mosques on Fridays, the main day when Muslims attend places of worship. The mosque was one of several buildings which survived the tsunami . Two places of worship have been attacked and innocent people have died. Local media say the attacker was intending to strike the mosque when it was crowded with thousands of worshippers gathered for the sunset prayer. <CN> Aren't places of worship about far more than just prayers?
<HS> There should be no Mosque in this country. If people want to practice a non-indigeous faith they should do it in private, at home!! <knowl> The mosque is a popular place of worship for students from a nearby Shiite Islamic university. A court has rejected the construction of a proposed Gold Coast mosque because it deems the Muslim place of worship simply too big. The blown-up Mosque of the Prophet Younis, or Jonah, in Mosul. Yet the controversy in New York City has led some people, including one politician, to incorrectly label the place of worship as the "Pentagon Mosque". Protester Tracey Thompson said more than 9000 people had campaigned against the mosque. <CN> You seem to be suggesting only Christians should be allowed a place of worship?
<HS> There should be no Mosque in this country. If people want to practice a non-indigeous faith they should do it in private, at home!! <knowl> It marks the birthday of the prophet Jesus, revered by Muslims. We were the first Arab state to consider these as official feasts to be shared by all our people, and we always invite Arab and foreign Christians to visit and make pilgrimages to Bethlehem, the birthplace of Christ. But by forgetting their Palestinian coreligionists, American Christians aren't just missing the complexity of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, they are missing an opportunity to live out the message of peace that Jesus, born in Bethlehem, gave to the world. Â âWe're one people; it's a timeless fraternity that has proved itself throughout history. The Star of Bethlehem marks the spot where Jesus was believed to have been born. <CN> Christianity isn't exactly 'indigenous', given Jesus was born in Bethlehem!
<HS> Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. ) <knowl> Amateur video footage also showed rare anti-government protests breaking out Friday in parts of Damascus' old city. Video footage posted to the Internet showed large pro-democracy protests in cities across the country after Friday prayers. In January, video footage emerged of U.S. soldiers apparently urinating on Afghan corpses. Friday prayers, the most important religious event of the Muslim week, passed without more protests breaking out. Video reportedly from Suweida shows a group of men in the streets chanting, "One, one, one, the people of Syria are one. <CN> Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
<HS> Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. ) <knowl> Amateur video footage also showed rare anti-government protests breaking out Friday in parts of Damascus' old city. Video footage posted to the Internet showed large pro-democracy protests in cities across the country after Friday prayers. STANDING BY: Riot police stood guard after Friday prayers near the al-Fatah mosque in Tunis. A boy performed Friday prayers on a fence during an antigovernment rally in San'a, Yemen. Efforts by Afghanistan to purge the video from the Internet or block its viewing in recent days have been less successful. <CN> At what point in history did England not have people from other places joining us? Vikings, Saxons, Romans. We integrate the best things and move forward.
<HS> Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. ) <knowl> STANDING BY: Riot police stood guard after Friday prayers near the al-Fatah mosque in Tunis. A boy performed Friday prayers on a fence during an antigovernment rally in San'a, Yemen. Surt, Libya — A bloodied man purported to be former Libyan leader Moammar Kadafi is seen in an image taken from video footage. Undercover footage at another factory showed chicken that had fallen on to the factory floor being picked up and thrown back into the production line. PHOTOGRAPH BY: MOHAMED MESSARA / EPATripoli, Libya — After leaving Friday prayers at Martyrs' Square, a group of women celebrate the death of former Libyan leader Moammar Kadafi. <CN> They are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to work in our factories, NHS and transport.
<HS> Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. ) <knowl> Video footage posted to the Internet showed large pro-democracy protests in cities across the country after Friday prayers. Amateur video footage also showed rare anti-government protests breaking out Friday in parts of Damascus' old city. In the video above, taken in the town of Talbeseh near Homs, people hang Assad in effigy, voicing their hatred for a regime that has killed up to 1,000 people in nine weeks of protest. In January, video footage emerged of U.S. soldiers apparently urinating on Afghan corpses. "There would be a massive demand for off-site car parking during Friday prayers. <CN> Omg brown people contributing to our society. How dare they!?
<HS> Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. ) <knowl> Video footage posted to the Internet showed large pro-democracy protests in cities across the country after Friday prayers. Amateur video footage also showed rare anti-government protests breaking out Friday in parts of Damascus' old city. Down with Denmark!" marched from Nairobi's largest mosque following Friday prayers. Police also announced plans to deploy thousands of additional officers during Friday prayers at Jerusalem's Al Aqsa Mosque, where thousands of people are expected. Friday's protests took place as a call for freedom for prisoners of conscience. <CN> Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
<HS> Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. ) <knowl> Video footage posted to the Internet showed large pro-democracy protests in cities across the country after Friday prayers. Amateur video footage also showed rare anti-government protests breaking out Friday in parts of Damascus' old city. the video, Spence can be seen striking and kicking an unidentified teen. Down with Denmark!" marched from Nairobi's largest mosque following Friday prayers. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei speaks to a crowd in Tehran during Friday prayers. <CN> I'd rather see them than the Friday night kicking out crowd.
<HS> Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. ) <knowl> Video footage posted to the Internet showed large pro-democracy protests in cities across the country after Friday prayers. A boy performed Friday prayers on a fence during an antigovernment rally in San'a, Yemen. "The video footage I've seen of 2013 is in a completely different league to what we've experienced this year," he said. In Dair Azour, video footage showed protesters singing a song by a popular folk singer who was recently killed in Hama by security forces. The latest video footage to come out of Afghanistan purports to show the execution of an allegedly adulterous woman at the hands of the Taliban. <CN> So these families came in to do cheap labour at textile mills in Saville and then made a life for themselves? Shocking! How could they?
<HS> Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. ) <knowl> Video footage posted to the Internet showed large pro-democracy protests in cities across the country after Friday prayers. A boy performed Friday prayers on a fence during an antigovernment rally in San'a, Yemen. Straight after finishing Corrie Ryan jetted out to Magaluf to let his hair down in the summer. But following the video the broadcaster said there are now no plans to take Radio 1 to Magaluf. Surt, Libya — A bloodied man purported to be former Libyan leader Moammar Kadafi is seen in an image taken from video footage. <CN> Have you seen Magaluf in the summer? Brits do the same everywhere we go.
<HS> Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. ) <knowl> Video footage posted to the Internet showed large pro-democracy protests in cities across the country after Friday prayers. Amateur video footage also showed rare anti-government protests breaking out Friday in parts of Damascus' old city. A boy performed Friday prayers on a fence during an antigovernment rally in San'a, Yemen. Video footage of the recent incident posted on YouTube showed a young man in a business class seat spitting and swearing at crew members trying to restrain him with a rope. Video footage from yesterday's rescue in Charlotte, North Carolina shows two big, burly male firefighters tending to one of the cats, which has an oxygen mask strapped to its face. <CN> You are not even trying to mask your racism now.
<HS> Afghanistan or maybe Pakistan? I bet this does not look like an English town to you? #saville Town (Text accompanying video footage of people on their way to Friday prayers etc. ) <knowl> Amateur video footage also showed rare anti-government protests breaking out Friday in parts of Damascus' old city. Video footage posted to the Internet showed large pro-democracy protests in cities across the country after Friday prayers. In January, video footage emerged of U.S. soldiers apparently urinating on Afghan corpses. Friday prayers, the most important religious event of the Muslim week, passed without more protests breaking out. It has a wonderful record of accepting ethnic minorities like Ravil. <CN> What is wrong with accepting and understanding people of different backgrounds?
<HS> Why must Islam invade every country? That is just totalitarian. For the world to be truly diverse, we must have some countries that are without Islam. <knowl> The ultimate goal of Islam is not to convert the world but to establish Sharia law over the entire world. As America is a racially diverse nation, the American Muslim community represents among the country's most racially diverse demographics. Indonesia prides itself not only for being a country with the world's biggest Muslim population, but also for its tolerant brand of Islam. Let's denounce terrorism, oppression and misogyny in the Islamic world — and everywhere else. Islam is not tolerant and non-believers especially Jews are persecuted in all Islamic countries. <CN> By your logic, the world will be diverse so long as Islam isn't practiced in Antactica?
<HS> Why must Islam invade every country? That is just totalitarian. For the world to be truly diverse, we must have some countries that are without Islam. <knowl> Islamism is not Islam, but it is an offshoot of Islam. "The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam. The country is a staunch ally and a key provider of oil. As Islam emerged as a political force across the Muslim world, Malaysian leaders encouraged the spread of Shariah courts and a Muslim-dominated bureaucracy. Islam is simply too complex to be stereotyped as the faith of tyrants. <CN> I am not sure I would use 'invasion' to describe the spread of a particular faith or belief, but isn't' that what religions do. Spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
<HS> Why must Islam invade every country? That is just totalitarian. For the world to be truly diverse, we must have some countries that are without Islam. <knowl> "the new world order" and the Wahabi doctrine of new Islam. Successful navigation of this country's diversity has always required extra thought, and more brainpower. It also relates to the ability and willingness of individuals to identify themselves with multiple ethnicities . Unlike most countries that have an army, in the case of Pakistan, the army has a country. These include regulations on building houses of worship, night curfews on women and imposing Islamic dress codes. <CN> Apart from its use as a 'code word' for multiple ethnicities, does not 'diversity' just mean 'a range of things', including different faiths? So surely a country without Islam would be less 'religously' diverse?
<HS> Why must Islam invade every country? That is just totalitarian. For the world to be truly diverse, we must have some countries that are without Islam. <knowl> There significant other views on Islam in the country of 80-million Muslims -- all revering the Quran. Muslims, it is well known, identify all prescripts of Islamic Law totally and vehemently with the Command of God... "It rejects all forms of violence and totalitarianism, not only on principles of faith but also of right reason. It also includes the world's largest Muslim country, Indonesia, and overall hosts a much more moderate version of Islam than prevails in parts of the Middle East, Afghanistan and Pakistan. When we tell the world, Yes, we are a country that will even tolerate a mosque near the site of 9/11, we send such a powerful message of inclusion and openness. <CN> I thought 'Totalitarianism' was the requirement of total subservience to the STATE, rather than to any particular faith. So no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> Employees are commonly regarded as largely immobile and tied to their home countries. Most British people think they know what is meant by that question, and can make shift to answer it. As these examples illustrate, economic, political and even natural events have consequences that extend far beyond the immediate surroundings in which they take place. Furthermore, the purchasing power of a country's consumers is determined to a large extent by costs and prices elsewhere rather than in the home countries. For one, segments of the labor market, notably the highly skilled professionals — elsewhere named as 'people who are thinking for a living' — are becoming increasingly mobile. <CN> What have Muslim people done to you? Would you like to be in their place and be repatriated? These are serious words and one cannot say them without thinking of consequences!
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> That is the same family of virus as the common cold. Saudi officials have already warned that next month's annual Muslim Hajj pilgrimage, which brings millions to Saudi Arabia from all around the world, could allow the virus to spread. Brazil presented data that the experts said had convinced them that no infections had occurred either during the Games or after visitors and athletes had returned to their home countries. The virus, as yet unnamed, belongs to the coronavirus family, like SARS. The virus is grown in chicken eggs and passed through rat brains. <CN> Can I suggest that to conflate changes in demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> National broadcasters would still be able to decide whether to offer content outside their home countries. He acknowledged that foreign nationals leaving home countries to fight in Syria and then returning remains a problem. Since 2002, more than 500 detainees have been transferred from Guantanamo to their home countries, according to the Pentagon. Many immigrants remain in refugee camps, afraid for their safety and wanting nothing other than to return to their home countries, even if it means they will return to a more difficult life. They are the first detainees from Iraq to be returned to their home countries, said Lt. Col. Kenneth Plowman, a military spokesman in Iraq. <CN> Why should someone who is working / studying and trying to build their life there should be suddenly sent back to their home countries?
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> The rise in the Muslim population, especially because of a high birth rate, means that Muslim clusters are getting bigger. Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? The Association of Muslim Schools says there are a total 156 dedicated Muslim schools in the UK, most of them privately-funded. In Tower Hamlets 66 per cent of school-age children are Muslim. There was much debate about the radicalization of the young, especially the Muslim young. <CN> Given the number of Muslims born in the UK, this statement is a bit silly.you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> The country had just welcomed more than 1 million refugees in 2015 — many of them Muslims. If they did, many of them would not undertake the dangerous journey to Europe. Brad Pitt at the London premiere of his new film World War Z Sunday. But a day that began with enthusiastic bargain hunting soon descended into scenes of chaos. WorldViews: As the first female and Muslim speaker in a German state parliament, how do you perceive the current political climate in Germany?Muhterem Aras: First of all, I would like to emphasize that as a matter of principle, I do not define myself by my religious affiliation. <CN> As a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many Londoners do not want to do. We should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> Here, he concluded, is a country where disasters don't happen, officially. The problem is that we in journalism invariably focus on Africa's wars, poverty and humanitarian disasters, and aid agencies and academics do the same. Most of the others were escaping dictatorships, wars, and poverty in Eritrea, Nigeria, Somalia and South Sudan. Intractable wars, terror and poverty in the Middle East and beyond will continue to drive the surge. And write a letter to the editor and urge people to make disaster plans for their animals. <CN> People run from their countries because they are unhappy to live there. They run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. Pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> Many were Central American children fleeing violence in their home countries. So does Plumes give readers a heightened appreciation of Jews' place in the modern world? Many more are displaced in their home country, unable to flee or seek asylum abroad. Employees of the Big 4 often work temporarily and, occasionally, permanently outside their home countries. So that those who cannot stay for humanitarian reasons will be returned to their home countries. <CN> The modern world should deal with the problems that underlie migration, not simply ban it.
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> Many were underwhelmed by luxury homes for sale, London brokers said. For some, the scene triggered memories of the London bombings in 2005, which killed 52 people and included a bus explosion. In the 15 years I lived in London (I returned home to the United States three years ago), I was constantly struck by the sense of otherness with which many English people regarded Europeans. And he said because (the victim) has killed Muslim people in Muslim countries. <CN> In my opinion, many people want to emigrate to London means London is a charming and enjoyable place for living. Isn't that a wonderful thing and we should keep this trait?
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> The mass migration of Chinese to cities - over 100 million people in the last decade - and the rise of a wealthy elite and a growing middle class finds its most dramatic expression in the nation's consumer capital. It's a country that does not value freedom of the press or freedom of expression. The exhibition is organised around the three cities that have shaped China's emergence into the world. Texas is home to large pockets of American Muslims, many of whom have lived there for decades. Gutierrez said he works with many queer people who were thrown out of their homes for their sexual orientation or gender expression. <CN> Invasion? Don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? People simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> Scottish National Gallery of Modern Art, Edinburgh, until 23 SeptemberSummer ExhibitionThe dark heart of the Home Counties laid bare. But common to their humour is disdain and anger for the image that is associated with their home countries. Twitter reinstated the account and apologized for actively reporting the tweet. There will also be flights occurring throughout the exercise period, to allow pilots and other forces to become familiar with operating in the London and home counties air space. This tweet would have been insensitive no matter when it was sent. <CN> If you had said 'the home counties' I might have given this tweet a like.
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> But in England, the backlash against British Muslims has been alarming. Leaders say profiling may alienatethe British Muslim communityIn December 2001 Richard Reid, a British Muslim, attempted to blow up a transatlantic airliner. "The group added that Muslims, "like people in other faiths, must reconcile their deeply held beliefs and the evolving norms of our British society. although mainstream British Muslims have distanced themselves from Choudary, he has not been criminally charged and remains a powerful radicalizing influence on young British Muslims. Mehdi Hasan, a prominent Muslim commentator, wrote recently of the relentless hostility towards Muslims. <CN> 1- No it is not. 2 - An entire faith, really? 5 - Muslims can also be British.
<HS> Muslim invasion is the new plague of London. They must be repatriated to their home countries! <knowl> And over half of the people who work in this country own or work for a small business. WSJ: Your parents owned most of Tootsie Roll Industries Inc. for decades. Between 1350 and 1500 an average of 50 fulling mills were operational . Seventy percent of the jobs in this country are created in small business. The ruling stated McCartney's wealth as $800 million, half of what Mills claimed. <CN> If we invite people to live and work in our country, to fill the mills and factories of the 1970's, for example, it's a bit of cheek to turn around decades later and describe their grandkids as an invasion or a plague, don't you think?
<HS> The British government has a goal to convert us to an Islamic state which will be the home for all Muslims and a prison for opposition. <knowl> Continued use of the name Islamic State would only further radicalize young Muslims, they said. Yet, for those watching the Islamic State, the month of Ramadan has given them reason to worry. However, the Islamic State has destroyed mosques before and sees itself at odds with Saudi Arabia's ruling al-Saud dynasty and the country's religious authorities. The Islamic State group, regards Shiite Muslims as heretics, and refers to them derogatively as rafideen or rejectionists. Yet Grimhojvej has undeniably nuanced its public position, rejecting, for instance, the Islamic State's beheadings of foreign hostages. <CN> Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
<HS> Is it a fundamental principle of Islam that they have to pray in the street, or do they do it just to piss off us infidels? <knowl> We know there's a shortage of public housing in Victoria, resident Annabel Darbyshire said. When Sarah Palin said she was taking off the gloves, she wasn't just whistling "Onward, Christian Soldiers. A few years ago, wads of cash started to pop up in red Salvation Army kettles in Minnesota. The group agreed to move out of the homes in August. Howard Street, the street of the unemployed in San Francisco, California." <CN> Never mind a bit of praying in public, how do we stop the Salvation Army waking us up on a Sunday with 'Onward Christian Soldiers'. A working man deserves a lie-in!
<HS> Is it a fundamental principle of Islam that they have to pray in the street, or do they do it just to piss off us infidels? <knowl> "He added: "Our nation is rooted in the Christian faith and that is the basis of welcoming people of other faiths. This demand for the evangelisation of people of other faiths contributes nothing to our communities. The ceremony will be led by an imam in the Muslim tradition but include representatives of other faiths. From the outset, and ever since, the history of Islam has reflected a remarkable ability to coexist with others. But it is important to remember that there is a long history of tolerance within Islam for other religions. <CN> How many times have you seen evangelical Christian preachers and followers on the streets most Saturdays in most UK cities? You do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
<HS> Is it a fundamental principle of Islam that they have to pray in the street, or do they do it just to piss off us infidels? <knowl> She wrote:The rise of Islamic fundamentalism more broadly has pushed thousands of Yazidis to seek asylum in Europe. His actions ran counter to the true, peaceful, message of Islam, and he created so much mistrust and misconception of Islam. The peace of the region and the image of Islam await his action. "The killing of innocent civilians is expressly prohibited in Islam, and the killing of one's self is expressly prohibited in Islam," he said. None of their churches or other places of worship will be desolated or destroyed or demolished. <CN> Public demonstrations of devotion and worship are hardly unique to Islam.
<HS> Great Britain is not Great anymore, it is a shadow of its former self because of the cancer which is an islamic invasion. <knowl> EasyJet PLC has suspended or trimmed various flights from Great Britain to Moscow. This being said, I like the idea of getting back together with Great Britain. This is a result, I believe, in part of the de-Christianization of Great Britain. But for much of American history, America and Great Britain were rivals, if not enemies. Britain's main opposition party typically creates a shadow cabinet mirroring the party in power. <CN> If a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. At least, it will find its way to get stronger.
<HS> Great Britain is not Great anymore, it is a shadow of its former self because of the cancer which is an islamic invasion. <knowl> Always sleepy,'' she's a pale, sickly version of her former self. fond of rituals most probably acquired from his prolonged stays in Great Britain," Denyse said. I was involved from day one because the band's doctor started Teenage Cancer Trust in [Great] Britain. Now, their mother is now a shadow of her former self and constantly on edge, even in her own home. Germany achieved its goal: to shut down the St. Lawrence River to Canadian convoys on their way to Great Britain. <CN> No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.
<HS> Great Britain is not Great anymore, it is a shadow of its former self because of the cancer which is an islamic invasion. <knowl> People that live in Great Britain; people that live all over the world were saying Donald Trump is right. know Great Britain very well, I know the country very well. He went on: When he was talking about Muslims, attacking them ... European mistletoe, Viscum album, is native to Europe and Great Britain. These are people born here, and yet they are attacking this country. <CN> Why are you attacking muslims? Many people come and live in Britain and I do not see why it is a bad thing.
<HS> Great Britain is not Great anymore, it is a shadow of its former self because of the cancer which is an islamic invasion. <knowl> Always sleepy,'' she's a pale, sickly version of her former self. EasyJet PLC has suspended or trimmed various flights from Great Britain to Moscow. Britain's main opposition party typically creates a shadow cabinet mirroring the party in power. "We cannot start some sort of informal talks without having received the notice from Great Britain. I was involved from day one because the band's doctor started Teenage Cancer Trust in [Great] Britain. <CN> Can I ask you what bad things Islam has brought to us? I cannot name any!
<HS> Using violence to punish another person? Sounds like a muslim issue. <knowl> Most Muslims that I know, either in the US or outside are good people, and in some ways, better than non-Muslims. They are Christians and Muslims, Jews and Hindus and non-believers," he said. They were happy that more than 3,000 innocent people, including Muslims, were murdered. Civilians are fleeing in panic because these ISIS savages are known to slaughter innocent people. And may the Mufti pressure all Muslims to support the practice and proclamation of all religions in all countries, both Muslim and non-Muslim. <CN> Muslims are only expected to engage in combat in warfare and never against innocent people or non-believers.
<HS> I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'. <knowl> Smith told the latter that he had been in a fight , although he had no visible signs of injury . Leisser's body was discovered in SeptemberShe said: There was evidence that Mr Leisser had been stressed but no signs that he wanted help. The Quran, he said, is already present in the minds of Muslims. She enjoyed going shopping, visiting the cinema and family holidays in Wales. Emerson added:In Britain, it's not just no-go zones, there are actual cities like Birmingham that are totally Muslim where non-Muslims just simply don't go in. <CN> Photo? Evidence? Did you report them? Or just another internet myth.
<HS> I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'. <knowl> In 2012, the state announced that it would allow only five kinds of photo ID. The views expressed in this article are not those of Reuters News. Opponents of photo ID warn of potentially hundreds of thousands of disenfranchised voters. In support of photo ID laws, Republicans have argued that everyone has a photo ID -- a claim that Mrs. Cooper's story squarely disproves. In some states, voters will have to show a current, government-issued photo ID. <CN> If I spray something on a wall and tag it HRH does that make it the law? I am even willing to add a stamp as a photo id. First class of course. There's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
<HS> I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'. <knowl> The Muslim was identified by a friend as U Soe Min, the owner of a bicycle repair shop. In terrifying scenes that have been repeated numerous times in Myanmar over the past two years, scores of Buddhist men on motorcycles converged on a Muslim neighborhood in Mandalay brandishing swords, yelling anti-Muslim slogans and ransacking Muslim shops, witnesses said. Radical Buddhist groups have gained strength in Myanmar in recent years and have stoked violence against Muslims, who are a small minority in the majority-Buddhist country. I don't understand why it took the police 50 minutes to arrive, said U Nyi Nyi, a Muslim resident who owns a tea shop in the neighborhood. A version of this article appears in print on July 4, 2014, on page A4 of the New York edition with the headline: Buddhists And Muslims Join Unrest In Myanmar . <CN> When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
<HS> I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'. <knowl> This was the chair that appears in David Hockney's lithograph Mirror, Mirror on the Wall. James Turner Street is a residential street of Victorian terraced houses in the Winson Green area of Birmingham . The trio had been part of a larger group standing guard in front of a row of Pakistani-owned shops. In another model that looks like a towering mountain of petrified goo, a pylon flashes an illuminated sign that reads Weep Into Stones ... On 11 July 2014 , Channel 4 confirmed that the series , provisionally titled Immigration Street , would be filmed in Derby Road , in the area of Southampton . <CN> Saw that in the Mirror, bit of graffiti sprawled across a wall, hardly a shop sign. Have you nothing better than false news?
<HS> I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'. <knowl> Smith told the latter that he had been in a fight , although he had no visible signs of injury . Leisser's body was discovered in SeptemberShe said: There was evidence that Mr Leisser had been stressed but no signs that he wanted help. That was true in 1966 and remains true today as efforts to suppress the minority vote continue. King once detested white people because of his experiences growing up in the segregated South, Rieder says. "The emotional fire in the letter comes when King speaks as a black man, some scholars say. <CN> Please provide evidence and if true hatred does not justify hatred.
<HS> I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'. <knowl> On 29 October Banksy 's art was displayed in a shop window , unbeknownst to the owners . The city also does outreach, including classes in schools about graffiti. "Graffiti has been a bad word in America for a long time. Several schools in the area host fraternities named for the same Greek letters. His first installment , which he captioned " the street is in play " , depicted a child reaching for a bottle of spray paint on a sign reading " graffiti is a crime " . <CN> Try harder next time. It was graffiti, not a sign from the owners.
<HS> I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'. <knowl> Television in this country is still a white, male-dominated industry, he says. In 2003, his optimistic vision of Birmingham was destroyed by arsonists. Officials say it wouldn't prevent illegal immigrants from attending public schools. Former Auburn coach Gene Chizik says that Roberts' story is 'short on facts and logic. GOP Gov. Robert Bentley signed it, saying it was vital to protect jobs of legal residents. <CN> Report to True Vision online. I am sure you know it's illegal to discriminate by colour. But something tells me they may counter with cctv and the full story.
<HS> I've been into Muslim shops in areas of Birmingham and they have refused to serve me. I've even seen signs saying 'No Whites After 8pm'. <knowl> "You targeted the victim for no reason other than the colour of his skin. In the highly colourful undersea world, this means constantly changing their skin to match the environment. On the other hand, a greater accumulation of blood in a certain area turns the skin somewhat blue. Indeed, primate faces and - in some cases - rumps and genitalia change colours thanks to the underlying physiology of the skin. The tone of flesh in question clearly referenced pale-white skin, rather than the skin of the women wearing the clothes. <CN> Judging from your comment here, if you have been refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
<HS> Just visited the swimming baths with my little lad, 'Muslims Only' Session, couldn't get in. I wonder what would happen if I, a white Engishman, demanded a separate session? Its just Islamic appeasement! <knowl> An Active Luton spokesman defended the move and explained that on Friday evenings, Inspire offered gender-specific swimming sessions - albeit men had access to the larger competitive pool. Elizabeth is injured and Little Lad is killed but not Wolf . "Meet my little lad, Freddie," the shirtless dad captioned the adorable photo. After each session the men drank a liquid meal of about 267 calories. One outraged female swimmer, who did not wish to be named, said: The Friday night session for everyone is now closed because of the listed men-only sessions. <CN> Men Only' sessions are Friday evenings, 18:45-19:45. So what is this, 'Patriarchal Appeasement'?
<HS> Just visited the swimming baths with my little lad, 'Muslims Only' Session, couldn't get in. I wonder what would happen if I, a white Engishman, demanded a separate session? Its just Islamic appeasement! <knowl> Elizabeth is injured and Little Lad is killed but not Wolf . "Meet my little lad, Freddie," the shirtless dad captioned the adorable photo. That's just one stereotype about Muslim women, it's not how we all are. Janmohamed created #TraditionallySubmissive as a way to counteract the idea that Muslim women are submissive. Her project, The Pool, was recorded at outdoor swimming baths around Europe with her 1960s Rolleiflex. <CN> After checking the timetable, 'specialist' sessions' are more about 'gender' than faith segregation, sessions for 'Women Only', 'Men Only' and 1 hour a week for 'Muslim women', which hardly seems making a fuss about.
<HS> Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam. <knowl> "The British government needs to help people and to give them asylum. The UK government must enforce the rules to tackle deadly pollution instead of secretly trying to water them down. It appals me that the British government continues to allow the sale of weapons to a country, Israel, that has killed almost 2,000 people, including hundreds of kids, in the past four weeks alone. The prosperity theology teaching of positive confession stems from its proponents ' view of scripture . The British government has been accused of trying to secretly undermine new EU air pollution targets in favour of big business, as leaked papers reveal that Tory MEPs were told to support a get-out clause in proposed laws. <CN> People have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. They are not trying to convert us all, are they? So we should just leave them at peace.
<HS> Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam. <knowl> Last month the justice ministry rejected the applications of 194 organisations, including one from the Islamic community. However, he offered reassurances that the government respects the freedom of expression, the freedom of the press. They described Monday's challenge as momentous in deciding how far the British government could go in rolling back human rights in light of recent acts of terrorism. The government justified by saying that it was an invasion of Angolan culture and a threat to Christian values. Photograph: APA/REXAngola has been accused of "banning" Islam after shutting down most of the country's mosques amid reports of violence and intimidation against women who wear the veil. <CN> What do you mean by 'islamized'? If mosques are built in some areas, I do not see this as a threat but as representation of community in those areas?
<HS> Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam. <knowl> Kate and Wills smooch in front of crowdsShe added: We are a secular society. No one can imagine that the British government is unaware of who enters the country. we don't want a pervasive theme of a class to be representing one religious affiliation. Keith Porteous Wood, executive director of the National Secular Society, said the report did not go far enough. Employers often fear that visible signs of religious affiliation, such as hijabs or crosses, will offend customers or clients. <CN> We will not know until the next census by recent survey suggests that the UK is increasingly a secular society with a growing percentage expressing no religious affiliation at all.
<HS> Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam. <knowl> It is high time the British government came clean over the part UK territory played in the CIA's shameful torture programme. The Gateway Protection Programme is not the first British refugee resettlement programme . The British government has faced criticism from academics and practitioners over the small number of refugees it has resettled in comparison with other developed states . The British government has questions to answer over its own involvement in this secret war. In February 2009 , the Home Office published a report evaluating the effectiveness of the Gateway Protection Programme . <CN> Are you suggesting that the 'Prevent' programme is about appeasement to Islam, Hadaway bonnie lad.
<HS> Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam. <knowl> Both emphasised the close supervision of the work by the British government. According to British officials, Cameron knows the identity of the British executioner. British government lawyers argue that the act of state doctrine means that a British court cannot question the activities of US troops. No one can imagine that the British government is unaware of who enters the country. He said: "The results of the elections were false and the British government knows that. <CN> Why would you say that? British government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every Islam or any immigrant.
<HS> Uk is being islamized very fast. British government submits to every whim of Islam. <knowl> The British government has considerable clout in shaping those laws despite the growth of qualified-majority votes. They described Monday's challenge as momentous in deciding how far the British government could go in rolling back human rights in light of recent acts of terrorism. The British government has been accused of trying to secretly undermine new EU air pollution targets in favour of big business, as leaked papers reveal that Tory MEPs were told to support a get-out clause in proposed laws. Following Napoleon 's defeat in 1814 , the islands were ceded to the British in the Treaty of Paris , who administered them as a dependency of the Colony of Mauritius . In 1952, Turing was convicted of gross indecency—one of 49,000 men found guilty under the laws. <CN> What type of whmis are you talking about? Laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> what prophet mohammed preached islam has extremist just like every other religion. Islam never gives up what it conquers, be it religion, culture, language or life. So ingrained is violence in the religion that Islam has never really stopped being at war, either with other religions or with itself. Merton told me he could be perfectly faithful to Christianity, yet learn in depth from other religions like Buddhism. It is sad to see so much hate in this country and little education about other cultures and religions. <CN> The only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and cultures. This is not a society where I want to live.
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> This is important in low-income schools, where high teacher turnover can affect learning. Sammer Lashin in Fremont, Calif.Children ages 11, 9 and 6I home-school my three children. In Boston, Citizen Schools offer an extra three hours of learning a day at participating middle schools. When I was in high school, Bosnia occupied all our attention. Our national conversation about Islam is focused on the wrong issues. <CN> Why? What is wrong about learning about a world religion that many of their peers practice?
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> Folks, our public schools have become indoctrination centers - promoting Islam and marginalizing every other religion. This is not to claim that Islam is a pacifist religion. "The illustrative classical Arabic phrase was the basic statement in Islam. This has no basis for justification whatsoever in Islam's ethical system. So ingrained is violence in the religion that Islam has never really stopped being at war, either with other religions or with itself. <CN> Only as much as any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have a problem with those. I wonder why?
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> In high school he fell in love with serious literature by the likes of Dostoevsky and Proust. In his remarks today, President Obama disgracefully refused to even say the world 'Radical Islam', he said in statement. But it's biting, as Akhtar examines the role of women in Islam. Where Islam is in the minority (as in Thailand, the Philippines and Europe) there is the threat of violence if Muslim demands are not met. Any non-Muslim action offends Islam and results in uprisings and threats, such as in Amsterdam, with opposition to Mohammed cartoons and films about Islam. <CN> Maybe if you'd learned about Islam in school you'd understand it is not a threat to you and you'd be more tolerant of it.
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> It's OK to utter the names of Jesus, Moses and Mohammed in front of school children, for education's sake. The idea of children praying in a mosque on a school-sponsored trip raised fears that the program was forcing religion on unsuspecting children. I think the teens' behavior stems from something more systemic in our society. Most importantly, inspectors spend too much time looking at all sorts of nonsense in schools when only four basic things matter: leadership, outcomes, teaching and behaviour. [in Pakistan] — invited people of another religion into our mosque and let them pray. <CN> Learning different religions so we can live in the inclusive society is nonsense? I strongly disagree.
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> They have fed into the global narrative that America is at war with Muslims and Islam. The one consolation I gain from whats happening in Turkey is that I believe that the ruling AK Party has gone beyond Islamism. In such a âmy Islam is just as good as your Islam" arm-wrestling contest, women are always the first to be sacrificed. Im fed up that secularists and Islamists alike are obsessed with headscarves. Using data from more than 10,000 children, researchers found that demand-fed babies scored four to five points higher on IQ tests at age eight. <CN> Do you have any evidence that Islam is being forced fed? I did not think so.
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> Folks, our public schools have become indoctrination centers - promoting Islam and marginalizing every other religion. The idea of children praying in a mosque on a school-sponsored trip raised fears that the program was forcing religion on unsuspecting children. And yet just a few states away public school children are learning the Islamic profession of faith. The school also served as apologists for the Islamic faith, according to a hand out titled, Islam Today. In 2009, Nadarkhani went to local officials to complain about Islamic indoctrination in his school district, arguing that his children should not be forced to learn about Islam. <CN> Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> And yet just a few states away public school children are learning the Islamic profession of faith. In the first grade Core Knowledge curriculum, children receive lessons on Judaism, Christianity and Islam. In fact, virtually every major faith condones violence -- certainl y the case for Judaism, Christianity and Islam. This past December, parents in rural Virginia complained when a high-school teacher assigned her students to practice Arabic writing by copying an Islamic statement of faith. School Board, warning them that the book rewrites Islamic history and presents a biased and incorrect version of the Muslim faith. <CN> Learning about and respecting all faiths, including Islam, is not nonsense.
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> "Christianity and Islam could both be growing at the expense of other religions. A Pew poll in September showed, for the first time, that 50 percent of Americans viewed Islam as more likely to encourage violence than other religions. But it is important to remember that there is a long history of tolerance within Islam for other religions. "In other words, Muslims are coming into line with global trends toward fewer children per woman and an aging population. Instead, she said she was satisfied with the level of Islam being provided at the school, alongside teaching of other religions. <CN> A real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> In fact, Daniela Truffer from Zwischengeschlecht.org actually thinks the new law could even damage intersex children's rights. A version of this article appears in print on January 10, 2015, on page A6 of the New York edition with the headline: Teaching Islam's 'Forgotten' Side as Germany Changes. Lawyers say they have seen an increasing number of cases in recent years where one parent, typically the father, has converted to Islam and converted the children without the other parent's knowledge. Few verses of Islam's most sacred text can be construed to fit the contemporary virtues of religious tolerance and universal brotherhood. <CN> Maybe by learning about other people's beliefs, your children will turn out to be tolerant and understanding people. Look at the bright side!
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> But in Islam, the six pillars of faith is not negotiable. At the time of the real fight we will hold our own children as our armor. <CN> The real disgrace is that children are being force fed intolerance of others and hate from tweets like this!
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> In difficult circumstances, BRAC makes a huge difference in children's lives. "Will publishing the images in school textbooks help children understand the issue? In 1984, 40 percent of Bangladesh's primary-school-age children were not in school. The idea of children praying in a mosque on a school-sponsored trip raised fears that the program was forcing religion on unsuspecting children. And yet just a few states away public school children are learning the Islamic profession of faith. <CN> At most, children are just learning more about different religions. You are using very strong and unnecessary words here.
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> "Will publishing the images in school textbooks help children understand the issue? The school pointed out that it was a make-believe scenario - and no child was actually forced to convert to the Islamic faith. Sammer Lashin in Fremont, Calif.Children ages 11, 9 and 6I home-school my three children. And yet just a few states away public school children are learning the Islamic profession of faith. Emma Brown writes about national education and about people with a stake in schools, including teachers, parents and kids. <CN> No child is 'forced fed' Islam. Parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
<HS> Our children are being forced fed with this 'Islam' nonsense in schools. This is a disgrace. <knowl> In addition, the group given encouragement was far more likely to give their children only breast milk. "The giraffe, Marius, was killed on Sunday using a bolt pistol, then fed to lions in front of visitors, including children. This morning in Paris, France three gunmen shouting Islamic slogans invaded the offices of a French satiric newspaper with murder on their minds. The one consolation I gain from whats happening in Turkey is that I believe that the ruling AK Party has gone beyond Islamism. In such a âmy Islam is just as good as your Islam" arm-wrestling contest, women are always the first to be sacrificed. <CN> What do you mean by being forced fed? I haven't seen anything like this.
<HS> How can we forget about all the historical killings of Jews and Christians, their exile, about child marriages, enslavement of Africal people and terror caused my Muslims? <knowl> With a lot of apprehension, I reached the house of the child groom. As an example, Ms. Gagnon said, the lack of ability to bring abusers to justice was likely to increase âthe risk of more child marriages, more forced marriages and violence against women with impunity. The family didn't have any pictures of the wedding, as there is an unofficial ban on the photography of child marriages by the government. On a local level, widespread complicity by officials has facilitated many of the child marriages. And the recent rise of the Islamic State has made spectacle of the killings of Christians. <CN> Is it Muslims from whom African people suffered most? History suggests it is the US. And btw, our culture also oppressed women and children historically, we had child marriages as well. But now it is all history, both for Islam and Christianity!
<HS> We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> It's happened already in Europe, where, for instance, the Dutch national railroad has stopped giving Christmas parties for fear of offending non-Christians - aka, Muslims. Although I am Muslim, I have a deep affection and respect for Christmas. A QUARTER of parents in this country have already begun their Christmas shopping. This fear is, in part, behind the rising anti-Muslim sentiment in the country. For them, the appropriate stance is to place Muslims - all of them - under suspicion. <CN> Christmas still seems to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are these Muslims that are offended by it? Sounds like fake news to me.
<HS> We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> It's happened already in Europe, where, for instance, the Dutch national railroad has stopped giving Christmas parties for fear of offending non-Christians - aka, Muslims. Despite its name, the Defend Christmas Freedom Hotline won't be limited to people celebrating Christmas, Smith said. In predominantly Muslim countries, the celebration can last for three days. And I hope you'll celebrate the Christmas season by offending someone. <CN> Have you actually spoken with Muslim about this? Do people celebrating Christmas actually offend them? I would be keen to know.
<HS> We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> My family is in France and on Christmas Eve, they will be celebrating Christmas without me. For example, more observant people might take offense to the short-form "X-Mas" instead of Christmas. In predominantly Muslim countries, the celebration can last for three days. All of England was celebrating Christmas the day Newton was born. <CN> You know, I spoke with Muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating Christmas. Such a relief isn't it?
<HS> We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> There are, of course, ways in which the Muslim story of Jesus diverges from the Christian version that is celebrated at Christmas. Political correctness in this country reached an entirely new level of absurdity some years ago. A spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR)"makes perfect business sense to acknowledge and celebrate a holiday that one out of four people celebrate. There are even hip-hop events for those who find choirs boring.(MORE: Follow in the Footsteps of Abraham)Many of Ramallah's restaurants offer special Christmas menus. The Borneo Bulletin, a local independent newspaper, reports that a number of imams warned Muslims earlier this month of the problems they would face if they celebrated Christmas. <CN> I have never seen so many people celebrating Christmas this year and as far as I know none of Muslims were offended. So, what are you talking about?
<HS> We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> No doubt some Muslims are genuinely offended by Jesus and Mo. It marks the birthday of the prophet Jesus, revered by Muslims. Usually I place an order for a large number of Christmas cards. For Christians, Jesus Christ has told us to go out and preach. For single people like me, Christmas tunes induce sadness, from missing dead family members to feeling like a loser for not having a partner or kids. <CN> Muslims 'believe' in Jesus' birth, it might not be a traditional celebration for many but it is really not a cause for offense either.
<HS> We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> It's a gilded scene worthy of a festive music video, but Taylor has another look in mind for her own Christmas celebration with boyfriend Iman Shumpert of the Knicks. I live in an area where many migrants live in Berlin and of course, many of them do not care for Christmas because they think of it as a religious celebration. It marks the birthday of the prophet Jesus, revered by Muslims. In predominantly Muslim countries, the celebration can last for three days. <CN> Prophet Muhammad: 'The dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is Jesus, the son of Mary.' - Muslims love Jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
<HS> We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> This fear is, in part, behind the rising anti-Muslim sentiment in the country. What is even the point of Christmas without Sriracha candy canes? With candy canes, snowflakes and Christmas trees galore, the sweaters are truly a sight to behold. While we can't be too sure of the famous inventor behind the stripes, we know one thing: Christmas time without candy canes would in fact be no Christmas at all. Where Do Candy Canes Come From?Where do candy canes come from?Every year around Christmas time, we see them. <CN> Christmas isn't banned, you do not have to say 'Winter Celebration', candy canes are honestly fine (unless you are diabetic). This is all manufactured outrage to create anti-Muslim sentiment. Chill.
<HS> We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> It's happened already in Europe, where, for instance, the Dutch national railroad has stopped giving Christmas parties for fear of offending non-Christians - aka, Muslims. "She went on to speculate that the decision was motivated in part by a fear of offending Muslims. When asked if he feared offending Muslim communities, he replied "I think that most Muslims don't care about Charlie Hebdo. Although I am Muslim, I have a deep affection and respect for Christmas. ""Those who claim all Muslims are offended take Muslims for imbeciles, I think. <CN> Muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by Islamophobic hatred.
<HS> We cannot even celebrate Christmas in our own country for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> ...It ultimately means there will be a setback for our own national security interests and the ability of these countries to peacefully coexist with us. In Europe, where Muslims make for much larger minorities, open violence is common. We did close for winter break, which happened to include Christmas and sometimes Hannukah. Christmas for Iraq's Christian community will this year be a time of fear and cancelled celebrations instead of rejoicing following renewed threats by Al-Qaeda and a church massacre. There are compelling moral and national security reasons for the administration to help these minorities. <CN> No one is offended by people celebrating Christmas. Myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
<HS> We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff. <knowl> In addition to the national flag and ensigns , there are other flags used for official purposes . The national flag always precedes the Royal Union Flag , with the former occupying the place of honour . When placed in a circle , the Indian flag is the first point and is followed by other flags alphabetically . Disposal of damaged flags is also covered by the flag code . As a symbol of the nation 's membership in the Commonwealth of Nations , the Royal Union Flag is an official Canadian flag and is flown on certain occasions . <CN> If that were really true why are there so many union flags around then? Should we report the Queen next time she is home?
<HS> We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff. <knowl> The Monaco and Indonesia flags differ in proportions and shades of the colors ( see Flag of Indonesia and Flag of Monaco ) . Today , many flags used in Poland are based on the design of the national flag . Loja Province adopted a flag in 1963 that copied the design of the national flag . In addition to the national flag and ensigns , there are other flags used for official purposes . Flags of some administrative subdivisions also resemble the national flag . <CN> I saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? That was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
<HS> We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff. <knowl> In India , the term " tricolour " ( Hindi : , ) almost always refers to the Indian national flag . The flag code also governs the protocol of flying the flag and its use in conjunction with other national and non - national flags . The flag is referred to in the national anthem as Parcham - e - - o - in Urdu ( lit . It remains the only non - Muslim nation to have a crescent moon in its national flag . In addition to the national flag and ensigns , there are other flags used for official purposes . <CN> Where is your evidence for this? This is simply not true.
<HS> We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff. <knowl> In addition to the national flag and ensigns , there are other flags used for official purposes . Four designs in a contest to replace New Zealand's national flag with something that's a little less Union Jack-y were unveiled this week. There is, of course, our shared continental flag, the flag of the European Union. The Afrikaner voting majority disliked the flag retaining the Union Jack in the centre . In India , the term " tricolour " ( Hindi : , ) almost always refers to the Indian national flag . <CN> So what about Muslims born in the UK whose national flag is the Union Jack?
<HS> We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff. <knowl> Egyptians waved the national flag atop of the metro sign in Egypt's Tahrir Square Thursday. The Singapore flag was reconfirmed as the national flag when Singapore became fully independent from Malaysia on 9 August 1965 . A documentary on the national flag and anthem of Singapore . In 1941 it became part of the Muslim League 's constitution . The national flag is not used by coast guard ships and military warships ; both classes of ships have their own specific ensigns . <CN> This is such a tired excuse everyone one of those so called 'Muslims are offended by the flag' stories two minutes on google shows its always one person's word, never any evidence, loads of examples of other people with the same flag and often the fact that it was hung in a dangerous way, they punched a security guard, or pissed on the floor was not the reason why they were asked to leave.
<HS> We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff. <knowl> The flag is referred to in the national anthem as Parcham - e - - o - in Urdu ( lit . It remains the only non - Muslim nation to have a crescent moon in its national flag . In addition to the national flag and ensigns , there are other flags used for official purposes . A documentary on the national flag and anthem of Singapore . The Singapore flag was reconfirmed as the national flag when Singapore became fully independent from Malaysia on 9 August 1965 . <CN> I am really good at making up stories, believing only the things I want to and then ranting about it too.
<HS> We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff. <knowl> A documentary on the national flag and anthem of Singapore . Both of these symbols were combined to create the national flag of Singapore . State Arms and Flag and National Anthem of Singapore ( Legislative Assembly ( New Series ) Misc . National flags of different sizes are used abundantly to symbolise allegiance to the country . The flag is referred to in the national anthem as Parcham - e - - o - in Urdu ( lit . <CN> He got kicked out of MEN arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. Had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
<HS> We are not allowed to raise our national flag in case it offends a Muslim! #fitinorfuckoff. <knowl> "I told them I was not going to take such nonsense because I was only concerned about safety. At first, I thought I was the only Muslim engaging in this folly, and I am reluctant to express it lest right-wing zealots try to use "Muslim" as a smear and cite my theory as proof of an Islamic traitor in the White House or some such nonsense. policemen in a very large van turned up to tell me off for 'vandalising the property of a neighbour. So if that white, middle-aged man can be my brother-in-law, then Obama can certainly be my Muslim president. In my book, that makes you a Muslim--maybe not a card-carrying one, but part of the flock for sure. <CN> Most Muslims are too busy working hard, looking after their families and neighbours, propping up the NHS to be worried about such nonsense.
<HS> Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen. <knowl> So will another technological revolution change the face of the West? When you talk business, starting with Peter Drucker is always a smart move. Sustainable development researchers at the University of Sussex argue that all too often the way we talk about technological change reflects the perspectives and goals of those with wealth and power. Years ago, I studied tai chi with the great William C.C. Chen, in New York. Together with Boeing, we simulate the whole development and engineering process for new airplanes, he said. <CN> London has gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, Saxon invasions. Who do you think the real Brits are? Or is it just colour you are worried about?
<HS> Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen. <knowl> There's still a very strong chance Cousins makes it, but it shouldn't be this hard. Cooley's thoughts were perhaps most interesting when he talked about his impressions of the Griffin-Kirk Cousins relationship. Campaigning at Cousins Subs in Waukesha with Rep. Paul Ryan (Wis.), Romney predicted he would win the hard-fought primary in Wisconsin. "While I was writing it, I realized I was kind of talking to myself because I've been hard on myself in the past. We're talking Heath Shuler bad — and that 1990s Redskins bust never got picked off three times in a five-play span like Cousins did during the third quarter. <CN> Must be hard for you leaving the house and all your cousins.
<HS> Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen. <knowl> Watch how relieved he is to have a turn to talk! Five days after the attack, Rice relied on the talking points. White House involvement in the talking points was very limited and nonsubstantive. I'm told the talking points barely came up at that meeting. "The original talking points were much more specific about Al Qaeda involvement. <CN> Ooer, you might meet someone that looks a bit different to you.
<HS> Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen. <knowl> "It was really nice talking to you and really good luck with your show," Reid said trying to end the interview. Please join me in wishing Garrett good luck and best wishes. I was sitting in a booth and we talked for a while. I was just trying to put things in perspective from personal experience. Check them out in the gallery above, and good luck this season. <CN> Good luck! Try not to talk to anyone or you might just get some perspective.
<HS> Talking of shitholes, I have to go to Londonistan tomorrow #LondonHasFallen. <knowl> This aspect of the city hovers around the edges of Passione, which depicts a teeming, battered, sometimes filthy metropolis that is nonetheless picturesque and endlessly vibrant. This transcript is automatically generatedWe were talking just moments go about. There was a serious political movement that was talking about deportation. The result is Canada is getting much more ethnically diverse and vibrant. In order to keep the Internet vibrant, we have to make the investments. <CN> Must be hard for you being in a vibrant, international metropolis.
<HS> Has our political elite forgotten that we were Christians? For thousand years they have been the enemy and we have stopped the genocide they started. And now we encourage that? Let the warriors take care of this because this is the war. <knowl> According to the Pew Research Center, Christians face harassment in 102 countries - more than any other religion. Iraq a mostly Christian BEFORE the Muslim religion was even invented. They stand by their political ideals at the expense of the country. It's not only Christians in Africa who experience their religion passionately, either. It is this question that is driving the cultural politics of this country. <CN> Have you forgotten that this country respects people of all religions?
<HS> Has our political elite forgotten that we were Christians? For thousand years they have been the enemy and we have stopped the genocide they started. And now we encourage that? Let the warriors take care of this because this is the war. <knowl> The thought that occurred to me then, which remains with me today, is that the new political elite doesn't care what happens to the people. And that would erode the influence of the traditional Christian political elite. The elite always has a Plan B, while the people have no escape. Social conservatives could be the people who help reweave the sinews of society. Most people would not be concerned about Dick Black going to Syria, Saslaw said. <CN> You should ask people what religions they belong to. Most people would say they do not belong to any! Then why are you imposing your religion wars on the society?
<HS> Has our political elite forgotten that we were Christians? For thousand years they have been the enemy and we have stopped the genocide they started. And now we encourage that? Let the warriors take care of this because this is the war. <knowl> So a good case can be made that Christians initiated the first war on Christmas. During the many centuries of imperial rule, the peoples of the region became scattered and mixed. If things continue like this, in another 10 years, Christians in the Middle East will be forgotten. The years ahead may bring a similar fate to other Christian communities, consumed by the fires of fanaticism. Last year, speaking about the Middle East, Pope Francis said: In this third world war, waged piecemeal, which we are now experiencing, a form of genocide is taking place. <CN> I'd think that in the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. Do you want to also start a genocide? How are you different from the people you accuse?
<HS> Has our political elite forgotten that we were Christians? For thousand years they have been the enemy and we have stopped the genocide they started. And now we encourage that? Let the warriors take care of this because this is the war. <knowl> Two years on, very few Christians have moved back to Brih permanently. Every faith, I mean, even the Catholic Church had 300 years before lay Christians could read their own script in Latin. But a year later Israel withdrew from the Chouf area and a full scale civil war between Christians and Druze began. He tends to the needs of the people in his war-torn parish, distributing food and medical care to both Christians and Muslims. we have now many areas where there are no more Christians. <CN> There is no 'them and us' we all must live together in respect, peace and understanding.
<HS> Has our political elite forgotten that we were Christians? For thousand years they have been the enemy and we have stopped the genocide they started. And now we encourage that? Let the warriors take care of this because this is the war. <knowl> They even depend on traditional Islamic principles such as ijtihad to, some may say, do away with other traditional Islamic principles. Islam is not part of the problem in combating violence extremism. The divisions between Christianity and Islam are more than symbolic in Nigeria. There are just too many Muslims who take the Quran literally... and too many others who couldn't care less about the violence done in the name of Islam. Then, in the early years of the third Christian millennium, came the coup de grace. <CN> What you said is an extreme case. One of the Islamic principles is to respect human dignity. Islam condemns violence.
<HS> Has our political elite forgotten that we were Christians? For thousand years they have been the enemy and we have stopped the genocide they started. And now we encourage that? Let the warriors take care of this because this is the war. <knowl> The announcement came amid mounting international pressure to declare the acts against Christians and other religious minorities as genocide. You are wrong about the Jewish victims of the Nazi genocide. Christian groups had heaped pressure on lawmakers to ensure ISIS actions against members of the religion were included in any consideration of genocide. Kerry Says Attacks by ISIS on Christians, Yazidis and Shiites Are Genocide. "It's happened to many, many Christians, Yazidis and Yazidi woman, and others. <CN> Something has gone very wrong over here if you think that respecting other religions is encouragement of a genocide.
<HS> Has our political elite forgotten that we were Christians? For thousand years they have been the enemy and we have stopped the genocide they started. And now we encourage that? Let the warriors take care of this because this is the war. <knowl> Two years on, very few Christians have moved back to Brih permanently. And that would erode the influence of the traditional Christian political elite. Amid the chaos, some politicians on both sides are scrambling to make a deal. However, some Christians have struggled with how to deal with Osama bin Laden's death. Worse is the vision of Lebanon's political future at the heart of the Christian plan. <CN> Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
<HS> We are not allowed to celebrate Easter as a Christian festival for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> Judicial officials say an Algerian court has acquitted two recent converts to Christianity on trial for offending Islam by eating lunch during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. Of course, Benedict can get away with offending Muslims more easily at the moment than he can with offending Jews. Saudi Arabia threatens to expel even non-Muslim expatriates seen violating Ramadan. True, France doesn't prescribe the death penalty for publishing cartoons that offend Muslims. And as the Obama administration constantly reminds us -- we simply cannot offend Islamic sensibilities. <CN> Yes, we are allowed to celebrate Easter as Muslims are allowed to celebrate Ramadan. No one is offending anyone here, why is there a need to create division?
<HS> We are not allowed to celebrate Easter as a Christian festival for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> So, eventually Christianity came to an accommodation with the pagan Spring festival. How about a look at how Easter in celebrated in Scandinavia, recipes included. The attack coincided with the Christian community's Easter Sunday and many Christan families were celebrating the holiday in the park after attending church services. Some Christians will fast only on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday, the Friday before Easter Sunday. But Holy Week, the Christian festival that commemorates the last week of Jesus' life, is a solemn celebration, and once mass begins, a calm settles over the congregation. <CN> No one is stopping you from celebrating Easter, nor are they offended by it.
<HS> We are not allowed to celebrate Easter as a Christian festival for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> This Easter, spare a thought for the inventor of the Easter egg. So, eventually Christianity came to an accommodation with the pagan Spring festival. Some Christians will fast only on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday, the Friday before Easter Sunday. Mr Shah had posted a Facebook message earlier that day wishing all Christians a happy Easter. Why do Christians make so much of this springtime week, and make so much of Easter weekend?There is a phrase that many never come across, even among Christians: Easter Triduum. <CN> Muslims believe in Jesus. No one is trying to cancel Easter. Stop legitimising division by manufacturing outrage.
<HS> We are not allowed to celebrate Easter as a Christian festival for fear of offending Muslims. <knowl> Some Christians will fast only on Ash Wednesday and Good Friday, the Friday before Easter Sunday. Christians here say they primarily fear the general chaos enveloping the country as the war enters its third year. Muslim-majority Pakistan on Tuesday adopted a resolution to declare the Hindu festivals Diwali and Holi, and the Christian festival of Easter, as public holidays, in a significant step for the country's beleagured religious minorities. A suicide blast exploded on Easter Sunday in a crowded park in the eastern Pakistani city of Lahore claiming the lives of at least 60 people. The plan, which would schedule the Christian festival on the same Sunday each year, is expected to be welcomed by parents and schools but may anger traditionalists. <CN> Have you actually spoken to Muslim people and asked whether it offends them?
<HS> Now we are not even allowed to walk the dog for fear of offending the local Muslim population. <knowl> In another, the Koran tells Muslims to "fight those who believe not in Allah. An innocent Jewish businessman was then slain by his Muslim partner, merely for being non-Muslim. <CN> Actually the Quran quite likes dogs, animals and if you read it carefully all people even non believers, like Christianity its only God /Allah that should judge.
<HS> Now we are not even allowed to walk the dog for fear of offending the local Muslim population. <knowl> The President does not even use the words "Islamic terrorism" for fear of offending good Muslims around the world. Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. Another top candidate likened Syrian refugees — who are largely Muslim — to dogs. Instead we are eschewed by our male Muslim counterparts for younger, less career-advanced Muslim women, often from countries of parental heritage. For years, the local Muslim population has petitioned the city for permission to build a mosque but has met with hostility and, at times, overt prejudice from officials and backers of the anti-immigrant Northern League. <CN> Do you think a Muslim would forget to capitalise the I in Islam?
<HS> Now we are not even allowed to walk the dog for fear of offending the local Muslim population. <knowl> Islam, by custom, considers dogs najes, or unclean, and for the past century cultural mores kept dog ownership down to minuscule numbers. The idea is that every dog in the city will be given a blood test for DNA profiling in order to create a database of dogs and owners. Daniel WrightThey think those are the only dogs that can be service dogs, he said. "She says she likes dogs, so I thought she'd love my dog," Ruggiero said. In 2008, the Israeli city of Petah Tikva created a dog DNA database for the same purpose. <CN> I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs exercise.
<HS> Now we are not even allowed to walk the dog for fear of offending the local Muslim population. <knowl> Chung, Alexa Is coming to the states for her new fashion reality TV show called 24 Hour Catwalk. Davidson said he turned down a contract for a reality TV show at the urging of a Minaj representative. The reality TV show would be like one of those memory card games where contestants have to match the body part to the owner. "Kody Brown, center, poses with his wives, from left, Janelle, Christine, Meri, and Robyn in a promotional photo for TLC's reality TV show, "Sister Wives. <CN> That was from a reality tv show maybe if I am on next week and say all dog owners should clean up after their pets the message might get through?
<HS> Now we are not even allowed to walk the dog for fear of offending the local Muslim population. <knowl> If the brute was hoping for a lifetime ban, he may have just gotten his wish. If there's not enough bedrooms and bathrooms for everyone, it's a great excuse to get a hotel. That's the tagline for actress Scarlett Johansson's advertisement for SodaStream, her first as the Israeli company's brand ambassador, and it's undeniable that she got her wish. The maximum charge for the offence is three years in jail. And, would the policy be different for generics and branded drugs? <CN> Great excuse to get out of it, wish I'd thought of that.
<HS> Now we are not even allowed to walk the dog for fear of offending the local Muslim population. <knowl> If the brute was hoping for a lifetime ban, he may have just gotten his wish. Because they hope Trump will sink of his own weight, they wish to avoid offending Trump for fear of offending his voters. Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? The nomination contest for now is Trump vs. the rest of them. She added: "None of that fussy French food for me!"Got a story? <CN> Wish I could believe everything I read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
<HS> Now we are not even allowed to walk the dog for fear of offending the local Muslim population. <knowl> Anyone who asks for the names of confidential sources touches a sensitive journalistic nerve. Under Facebook's old guidelines, news curators stuck to a list of trusted media sources. Koch is already making calls to his rich friends on Lhota's behalf, sources said. Heather McCartney was fined for stripping off in the corporate box at the MCG on Saturday. After a thorough explanation and apology for past embellishments, he could file news reports and regain viewers' trust. <CN> Because throw away comments on reality TV are always true? I think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> Everyone -- women and men -- need to be more aware of the social cost of punishing girls for being too assertive. The government should act before another generation of girls is lost. The freed girls said they never saw the other girls again. The outrageous threat means the girls' parents' worst fears could be realized. Many more girls are in school and maternity death rates are down. <CN> Girls and women do not face a bigger threat from Muslim's than from people of any other faith. Maybe what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> Sometimes family members intervene with a radicalizing individual, but the intervention doesn't work. "And there are situations where children, particularly the girls who are the products of those relations, are then forced to have sexual relations with the same family members. There is a lot of sexual violence against these women and girls, I met individuals who are subjected to this. So , women had to take charge of home - front . One of the major issues are aspects of sharia ( Islamic law ) known as Muslim personal law ( MPL ) or Muslim family law . <CN> The majority of sexual assaults are committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are Muslim. It is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're Muslim or not.
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> Out of 77 recent convictions for grooming, rape and other predatory sex crimes, 67 involved Pakistani men. The other primary form of prostitution of children is " survival sex " . Some people travel to foreign countries to engage in child sex tourism . Considering all we've heard about the supposed war on women, you might be surprised to hear that 2015 was a great year for the fairer sex in America. Though those arguing that the sex trade empowers women get their say, the reality as shown here suggests this new online version of the industry employs the same old sexual exploitation. <CN> You see to be suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> Here are the top five countries where British citizens live:Have something to add to this story? More than 400,000 British citizens live and work in Spain, while 100,000 Spanish citizens live in the UK, Mariano Rajoy said. According to British officials, Cameron knows the identity of the British executioner. Some 500 British citizens have traveled to Syria to fight, as have 100 Americans. Protests prompted the Australian government to kick Blanc out of the country last week. <CN> I do not know if it counts as invasion when lots of Muslims in the UK are British citizens and were born here.
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> The government unveiled the mandate for the inquiry into murdered and missing Indigenous women. If the women become educated then they will know how badly they are treated in these countries. This week the government revealed the mandate for the inquiry into murdered and missing Indigenous women and girls. Nigerian women are already second-class citizens in their own country, according to the Nigerian Constitution, said Weate. The three women were arrested in March, and the group said the two others have since fled the country. <CN> There are no islamic invaders and this is just hatred.
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> A review of the book shows there is balanced attention given to the beliefs of Islam, Judaism and Christianity. The differences between the two main branches of Islam are often compared to those between Protestants and Catholics in the Christian world. The Church of God and Saints of Christ synthesizes rituals from both Judaism and Christianity . The Yazidis are an ancient people, followers of a unique religion that blends elements of Islam, Judaism and Christianity with even more ancient practices, including sun worship. These descriptions provide a distorted picture of the spread of Christianity. <CN> There is a lot of difference in how girls and women are treated across different branches of Islam just like Christianity and Judaism.
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> They are taking their role in the government of the country," she said. The government says it is doing its best to educate and offer healthcare to women. One of the women's schools, Mills College in Oakland, Calif., relies on self-identification for gender. Nigerian women are already second-class citizens in their own country, according to the Nigerian Constitution, said Weate. A spokeswoman says women's departments have been set up in all 34 of the country's provinces. <CN> People invited to work in our mills and factories, invited to settle and contribute to our society. Doesn't fit any definition of an 'invasion' that I am familiar with.
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> The incident prompted testimonials from many women about the amount of misogyny they endure. Or gay men pimping and trafficking women?There is a problem of misogyny among gay men. Last year, the government of President Jacob G. Zuma appointed Susan Shabangu as minister of women. Achieving equality for women has yet to become an urgent political issue in the United States. Men invaded the memorial websites for the victim and flooded comment sections, telling women they were overreacting. <CN> I am not really convinced that it is possible to pigeonhole misogyny as an exclusively Islamic issue.
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> The government unveiled the mandate for the inquiry into murdered and missing Indigenous women. The government then requested more concrete proof in the form of a video, which was then sent. Sadly, this isn't the first time that Indonesian government officials have advocated such tests for women. This week the government revealed the mandate for the inquiry into murdered and missing Indigenous women and girls. Nigerian women are already second-class citizens in their own country, according to the Nigerian Constitution, said Weate. <CN> Why do you link rapist crimes and Muslim people? Do you have any proof for that?
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> In fact, while everything from attire to alcohol consumption is blamed when women are raped, military sexual assault statistics show that men in the military are at a slightly greater risk of sexual assault than women. There is a minority of men who perpetuate a tremendous amount of violence against women. One of the reason the country ranks low in TrustLaw's poll is its culture ofExperts say blaming survivors of sexual assault is common in India. The evidence is clear: Indigenous women and girls suffer unconscionably high rates of violence in Canada. And indeed, studies show that a small percentage of men are responsible for most sexual assaults. <CN> Don't believe selective media stories that make out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women is committed by Muslims. (link to sexual assault statistics)
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> We see men and women - and indeed whole families - going out to Syria. India is similar to many Asian countries in that many families prefer boys. Does this place those institutions in the same barbaric league as Mid Staffs? It is our own arrogant, complacent beatification of that service, and those who work within it. The presence of women on the board is significant because the Taliban persecuted women when the movement controlled the country and have targeted institutions such as girls' schools during the insurgency. <CN> And if all Muslims were to leave, women and girls would still be harmed - most of it comes from family friends, work places, people and institutions and of course we'd have no NHS or train service.
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> This week the government revealed the mandate for the inquiry into murdered and missing Indigenous women and girls. In late 2003, Khanam had made international headlines with the announcement that she intended to build a women's mosque in a country where women are banned from most Muslim places of worship. The German government is preparing legislation to outlaw child marriage, an accepted practice among the country's more than 1 million Muslim refugees. My praise to these women and girls who refuse to be subjugated. Not all of the women and girls are satisfied with this, says Smith. <CN> Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there were no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> In most government offices there are at least a few women workers. Boko Haram wants to enforce Islamic law throughout the country of 170 million. The government unveiled the mandate for the inquiry into murdered and missing Indigenous women. Last year, the government of President Jacob G. Zuma appointed Susan Shabangu as minister of women. This week the government revealed the mandate for the inquiry into murdered and missing Indigenous women and girls. <CN> Easy to blame others isn't it, that way we do not have to look at our own sexism.
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> She will be on the sex offenders' register for ten years. One went to prison; the other was put on the sex offenders register. On returning to Britain, Glitter was placed on the sex offenders register for life. The women will be sentenced in January with the court ordering them to sign the sex offenders' register. Esnee, who cried throughout the hearing, will sign the sex offenders register for seven years. <CN> Even though it is difficult to have exact report on sexual crimes, on the sex offenders register are white men, based on former Chief Crown Prosecutor for the Crown Prosecution Service in 2017. Stop blaming others and help our girls and women.
<HS> Our government has brought Islamic invaders to our country, and now we see our girls and women damaged. <knowl> In addition, social media users posting on topics such as sexism may face vitriolic abuse from trolls. What steps do you think India should take to make tangible progress towards protecting women from sexual harassment and abuse? Photograph: AlamyOver the past week, the Everyday Sexism Project has received an unprecedented number of stories from women experiencing harassment in the street. Not that I've ever doubted that fighting for equality is the right thing to do, in the midst of sexism, discrimination and abuse, obviously. In 54% of cases the women say the harasser was a colleague. <CN> And what do girls and women have to say about it? I suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse from family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and everyday sexism.
<HS> A raped girl says rapists recited Quran to her to justify their crimes. <knowl> Many people interpret it — men in particular — as accusatory, he said. At the age of 21, Carl discovered his eldest brother was the Yorkshire Ripper. Quran (2:244) - "Then fight in the cause of Allah, and know that Allah Heareth and knoweth all things. <CN> The Yorkshire Ripper' said God told him to commit his atrocities. In neither case is this a justification. Individuals are responsible for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a particular faith they cite as possible cause.
<HS> A raped girl says rapists recited Quran to her to justify their crimes. <knowl> The legislation makes it a crime punishable by death to insult Islam, the Quran or the Prophet Mohammed. Police have said the girl is illiterate and denied knowing there were Quran verses on the documents she allegedly burned. The accused girl had told him she had no idea there were pages of the Quran inside the documents she burned, he added. An 11-year-old Christian girl has been arrested after being accused of blasphemy by burning pages of the Quran in Pakistan's capital, Islamabad. The girl's name has been released by Pakistani authorities and in the media but the Associated Press generally does not identify juveniles accused of crimes. <CN> I cannot believe it! Looks like another scammy news which is actually not true.
<HS> A raped girl says rapists recited Quran to her to justify their crimes. <knowl> "Letting felons convicted of such crimes get off with probation discourages other survivors from coming forward and sends the message that raping incapacitated victims is no big deal. Their crimes aren't borne from confusion or mixed signals, but a deliberate decision to violate another person. Barfi cited several passages from the Quran, which Muslims believe to be a direct revelation from God."I know the Quran, and it teaches: Fight for the sake of God, do not exceed the bounds. Police have said the girl is illiterate and denied knowing there were Quran verses on the documents she allegedly burned. Police arrested Rimsha last month after a neighbor accused her of burning pages containing texts from the Muslim holy book, the Quran. <CN> That is a sad tragedy. However, the message from Quran is misunderstood. Instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
<HS> A raped girl says rapists recited Quran to her to justify their crimes. <knowl> That would mean we approve of violent actions against these rapists at the hands of an unruly mob. "Others, horrified by a crime that activists say is an everyday occurrence, called for the rapists to be castrated. The women and girls of Manitoba were simply told that if they didn't forgive their rapists, God would not forgive them. The most frequently reported crimes were motor vehicle theft and robbery. The aim is only to eliminate the causes of these crimes. <CN> Rapists will use any excuse to justify their actions. This is an abhorrent individual.
<HS> A raped girl says rapists recited Quran to her to justify their crimes. <knowl> It also quoted the girl's mother saying that her daughter had been raped before, because of her mental disability. There were no prosecutions for rapes of men and boys, but community residents told Friedman-Rudovsky that women weren't the only victims. For instance, the federal government estimates that 65% of rape or sexual assault cases are unreported, while 17% of car thefts are unreported. ISLAMABAD—A Pakistani court on Tuesday acquitted a Christian girl accused of blasphemy over the burning of the Muslim holy book, her lawyer said. Wanting everyone to learn about rape is a sign of true optimism. <CN> There is never justification for rape. Individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all sorts of crimes. They carry the blame.
<HS> A raped girl says rapists recited Quran to her to justify their crimes. <knowl> The legislation makes it a crime punishable by death to insult Islam, the Quran or the Prophet Mohammed. Police have said the girl is illiterate and denied knowing there were Quran verses on the documents she allegedly burned. In 2005, I went to interview Mohammed Mahdi Akef, the Muslim Brotherhood's spiritual leader at the time, in Cairo. At least 130 Mennonite women and girls were raped in the colony over several years, by at least nine men. Quran (4:74) - "Let those fight in the way of Allah who sell the life of this world for the other. <CN> This is a very sad story! But every Muslim person I know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the Qu'ran.
<HS> Muslims are guilty in the sexual exploitation of children. Dirty filthy muslims terrorize our girls, today in Oxford, tomorrow everywhere. <knowl> Agents recovered 105 sexually exploited children in the course of the operation. Prostitution of children or child prostitution is prostitution involving a child , and it is a form of commercial sexual exploitation of children . Prostitution of children in the form of survival sex occurs in both undeveloped and developed countries . As an alternative , they use the terms " prostituted children " and " the commercial sexual exploitation of children " . The former is sometimes used to describe the wider concept of commercial sexual exploitation of children ( CSEC ) . <CN> Such over-simplifications are an insult to those victims of perpetrators from non-Muslim backgrounds.which, statistically, is still the majority.
<HS> Muslims are guilty in the sexual exploitation of children. Dirty filthy muslims terrorize our girls, today in Oxford, tomorrow everywhere. <knowl> Demink faces 13 counts related to the sexual exploitation of children. Agents recovered 105 sexually exploited children in the course of the operation. Prostitution of children or child prostitution is prostitution involving a child , and it is a form of commercial sexual exploitation of children . At the 1996 World Congress Against the Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children it was called " a crime against humanity " , " torture " , and " slavery " . France is almost at war because of his 'dirty filthy Muslims' who are attacking Native Frenchmen and women, O'Connor wrote last week. <CN> This is a sad matter, but not all Muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are Muslims.
<HS> Muslims are guilty in the sexual exploitation of children. Dirty filthy muslims terrorize our girls, today in Oxford, tomorrow everywhere. <knowl> Demink faces 13 counts related to the sexual exploitation of children. Agents recovered 105 sexually exploited children in the course of the operation. The sexual exploitation of children is not a problem that only happens somewhere else. South Yorkshire's new Chief Constable Stephen Watson made the revelations after an independent report into the sexual exploitation of children in the town was released. Save the Children said that work would be undermined if widespread sexual exploitation of children continued unchecked. <CN> This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> Muslims are guilty in the sexual exploitation of children. Dirty filthy muslims terrorize our girls, today in Oxford, tomorrow everywhere. <knowl> Demink faces 13 counts related to the sexual exploitation of children. Agents recovered 105 sexually exploited children in the course of the operation. The sexual exploitation of children is not a problem that only happens somewhere else. South Yorkshire's new Chief Constable Stephen Watson made the revelations after an independent report into the sexual exploitation of children in the town was released. Save the Children said that work would be undermined if widespread sexual exploitation of children continued unchecked. <CN> Did you miss 'Some.' from the beginning of this Tweet?
<HS> Muslims are guilty in the sexual exploitation of children. Dirty filthy muslims terrorize our girls, today in Oxford, tomorrow everywhere. <knowl> The sexual exploitation of children is not a problem that only happens somewhere else. No one knows the true scale of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in Rotherham over the years. Somehow one tends to think sexual exploitation of children is what happens in other parts of the world. Prostitution of children exists in every country , though the problem is most severe in South America and Asia . In most cases the victims are teenagers but there are cases of 11-year-old children being sexually exploited. <CN> I'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some of our towns with exploitation by men from a Pakistani Muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly Muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
<HS> Muslims are guilty in the sexual exploitation of children. Dirty filthy muslims terrorize our girls, today in Oxford, tomorrow everywhere. <knowl> "And we have good legislation like the Protection of Children and Sexual and Prevention of Sexual Offences Act 2005."Frankly, it's not being used. Save the Children said that work would be undermined if widespread sexual exploitation of children continued unchecked. Demink faces 13 counts related to the sexual exploitation of children. He now faces 29 sex-related charges, those being rape, sexual abuse of children, sexual exploitation of children, corruption of minors, statutory sexual assault, sexual assault, indecent assault, obscene and other sexual materials and performances, simple assault, stalking, unlawful contact with minor, involuntary deviated sexual intercourse, and aggravated indecent assault. Agents recovered 105 sexually exploited children in the course of the operation. <CN> I feel your anger. The often ignored fact is that around 90% of the criminals were persons known to the child. Besides, most of people convicted of child abuse offences were white men. Sexual exploitation of children should be stopped and prevented. Please help our girls: visit English National Domestic Violence Helpline and National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
<HS> If Muslims counteracted child rapists in their communities instead of engaging in public discussions about Islam, one day Islam indeed would become a peaceful religion. <knowl> "In one you have an enabler of serial child rapists and the other one was a serial child rapist. Coffey said if he were to hear Walker talking about Islam being a peaceful religion, it would give him pause. That law mandates long prison sentences for child rapists and molesters. "Most people do not socialize with individuals they believe to be child rapists. It's very simple: If you see or you hear about any child being physically abused in any way, you have an obligation to aggressively protect that child. <CN> Why do you think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? I am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
<HS> If Muslims counteracted child rapists in their communities instead of engaging in public discussions about Islam, one day Islam indeed would become a peaceful religion. <knowl> One is the growth of Muslim communities, or rather, their transformation. The writers requested a meeting with the mayor at the earliest possible date to discuss the issue of surveillance of Muslim communities. Religious surveillance of Muslim communities will one day join this tragic, shameful legacy. In general, most voters -- 65 percent -- think Islam is a peaceful religion and that a small number of Muslim individuals are responsible for violence. Both Cruz and Trump called last week for more aggressive monitoring of largely Muslim communities. <CN> There is already work going within Muslim communities, just as there is across the rest of society, it is just not reported on.
<HS> If Muslims counteracted child rapists in their communities instead of engaging in public discussions about Islam, one day Islam indeed would become a peaceful religion. <knowl> Why can't the 99 % moderate muslims sacrifice in return by killing all 1 %islamic barbaric extremists to earn respect for Islam as a true and peaceful religion. Islamic community leaders reacted with shock and grief after a Muslim couple apparently embarked on a deadly shooting rampage at a community center for people with developmental disabilities. The diversity of the American Muslim community is such that mothers will engage differently in different communities. No matter how well-intentioned we are, it comes off as insensitive to Muslim families, he said. Board members talked at length about not wishing to disrespect the Muslim community or those from other faiths. <CN> Rapism is banned in the Muslim community equally to our community! It is not true to say that Muslims do not care about such matters. They discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
<HS> If Muslims counteracted child rapists in their communities instead of engaging in public discussions about Islam, one day Islam indeed would become a peaceful religion. <knowl> Coffey said if he were to hear Walker talking about Islam being a peaceful religion, it would give him pause. Majorities of Catholics (66 percent), Protestants (63 percent) and white Born-Again Christians (55 percent) believe Islam is a peaceful faith. That law mandates long prison sentences for child rapists and molesters. "Most people do not socialize with individuals they believe to be child rapists. Tell him that defending child rapists is not OK."Nolan accused Anderson of being abusive. <CN> How is the action of an individual or group representative of an entire faith?
<HS> If Muslims counteracted child rapists in their communities instead of engaging in public discussions about Islam, one day Islam indeed would become a peaceful religion. <knowl> Coffey said if he were to hear Walker talking about Islam being a peaceful religion, it would give him pause. That law mandates long prison sentences for child rapists and molesters. He does not seem to care about the safety of children. In both studies, children taking the real drugs had more side effects. Its run by far-left zealots who couldn't care less about children. <CN> Children are innocent. They do not deserve terrified treatment. Children are the future. We should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
<HS> If Muslims counteracted child rapists in their communities instead of engaging in public discussions about Islam, one day Islam indeed would become a peaceful religion. <knowl> I agree with a previous poster about Islam being viewed as a peaceful religion. Coffey said if he were to hear Walker talking about Islam being a peaceful religion, it would give him pause. Do you think that Islam is an inherently peaceful religion that's been perverted by some? But I agree that reporting of these issues will bring about more discussions which is always a good thing. On Morning Joe today, Bloomberg's John Heilemann asked Trump directly whether he thinks Islam is an inherently violent or peaceful religion. <CN> Do you think making children suffer will make a religion, Islam, or our world better? I think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
<HS> If Muslims counteracted child rapists in their communities instead of engaging in public discussions about Islam, one day Islam indeed would become a peaceful religion. <knowl> Coffey said if he were to hear Walker talking about Islam being a peaceful religion, it would give him pause. There should be no second chances for child rapists, and no quarter for people who do not act aggressively against them. On February 12th in Boise, a bill was introduced that would give child rapists in Idaho a minimum sentence of 25 years. I've got a dozen, I've got a dozen child rapists doing less than five years in your state, Mr. Hubbard. Rose Hamid attended Thursday night's rally in Charlotte to put a positive image on Islam and Muslims, she told the Charlotte Observer. <CN> Muslim people I know are strongly against any crime, and rapism is a sin in Islam. They talk to their children about that. Thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
<HS> If Muslims counteracted child rapists in their communities instead of engaging in public discussions about Islam, one day Islam indeed would become a peaceful religion. <knowl> "In one you have an enabler of serial child rapists and the other one was a serial child rapist. Coffey said if he were to hear Walker talking about Islam being a peaceful religion, it would give him pause. That law mandates long prison sentences for child rapists and molesters. "Most people do not socialize with individuals they believe to be child rapists. It's very simple: If you see or you hear about any child being physically abused in any way, you have an obligation to aggressively protect that child. <CN> Have you thought about the consequence child rapists might cause?
<HS> Look around you, rape is jihad in the UK. I can remember days when Islam was not here, and now muslim rapists are everywhere. <knowl> She has been raped twice, on one of the occasions by 12 men. Even non-Muslim residents and Western visitors to the Islamic world often find it necessary to cover themselves so as to avoid the harassment of Muslim men on the street. Critics, however, see this as a form of censorship and believe the filters may also prevent children from accessing sexual health information. It also noted government concerns about U-Va.'s response in 29 of 87 informal reports of incidents from fall 2012 through December 2014.None of those numbers was included in the letter's summary or conclusion. The money was to help document and collect evidence of sexual violence. <CN> Where did you get this conclusion from? There might be bias in the collecting of information. For example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
<HS> Look around you, rape is jihad in the UK. I can remember days when Islam was not here, and now muslim rapists are everywhere. <knowl> Our national conversation about Islam is focused on the wrong issues. Muslims will argue, accurately, that the incidence of rape is higher in Western countries than in Islam, where women are more comprehensively protected. Let's be frank about this thing we are a member of. There was speculation that perhaps we don't believe stories of rape of this sort, because we don't want to believe people are capable of such things. MUSLIMS Like Us viewers were up in arms tonight after housemate Abdul Haq refused to say that killing someone for being 'outside the fold of Islam' was wrong. <CN> This is simply wrong. How can you say such hateful things about millions of people?
<HS> Look around you, rape is jihad in the UK. I can remember days when Islam was not here, and now muslim rapists are everywhere. <knowl> Muslims will argue, accurately, that the incidence of rape is higher in Western countries than in Islam, where women are more comprehensively protected. Many Americans read such numbers and worry: Will this mean more Dzhokhar Tsarnaevs? But that's only if you believe Islam causes extremism, which many have argued. The war being waged by the US/UK & co is a war against Islam & Muslims. Muslims in the Scottish Highlands and islands face the longest fasting period in the UK. <CN> How many Muslim rapists are there? How many Britain rapists? Compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
<HS> Look around you, rape is jihad in the UK. I can remember days when Islam was not here, and now muslim rapists are everywhere. <knowl> "Charities point out that refugee rape victims do not fall under policies set up to protect UK victims of domestic abuse. This remains the default position, the rationale and the excuse: you (the Western democracies) make war on Muslims: we, the cutting edge of Islam, make war on you. The final chapter of the book explores the contemporary anti-rape movement. Canadian women protesting in Toronto against rape, abortion, and pay inequality in 1979. "The UK continues to have a legal obligation to extradite him to Sweden." <CN> How old are you? The first Mosque in the UK was built in 1889!
<HS> Are you an English girl living in an Islamic area? Remember to keep away from Muslim men. Do not.Take gifts of sweets, cigarettes, drink or drugs. Do not. Accept lifts or 'party' invitations. Do not.Trust Police or Social Workers. <knowl> Social workers waned to report Vernica Gonzalez to the state Department of Justice's child abuse database with a "substantiated" abuse determination. I often wonder what became of my classmate, the victim of the child abuse. A live webcam feed on the computer screen showed the faces of three white men glaring out. "At the time of Gabriel's death, there was yet another, unresolved allegation of child abuse in his file. Social workers like Liotta employed by private agencies may encounter abused children while working with high-risk populations, and are legally required to report suspicions of child abuse or neglect. <CN> If you really cared about stopping Child Abuse you would know that the majority of perpetrators are white men often known to the child. Looks like you are really using the fact that some children have been abused to justify your own prejudice. Shameful!
<HS> Are you an English girl living in an Islamic area? Remember to keep away from Muslim men. Do not.Take gifts of sweets, cigarettes, drink or drugs. Do not. Accept lifts or 'party' invitations. Do not.Trust Police or Social Workers. <knowl> Social workers did not detail any signs of physical abuse of Threatt's other children. These are difficult decisions for social workers to make but the interests of the children must come first. The council's lawyers were told to read a judgment by Lord Justice Wall, now head of the High Court's Family Division, which condemned Greenwich social workers as "enthusiastic removers of children". Baby P's graveWhile some might argue the figures show social workers are too quick to take children from their parents, Mr Douglas says the priority is to protect children. The scientists found that the trend toward taller men having more children persisted for more than 35 years. <CN> Children should not do any of that with white men or anyone they do not know or even one's they do know if it does not feel right. Suggesting only one group of men abuse leaves more children unsafe and vulnerable.
<HS> Are you an English girl living in an Islamic area? Remember to keep away from Muslim men. Do not.Take gifts of sweets, cigarettes, drink or drugs. Do not. Accept lifts or 'party' invitations. Do not.Trust Police or Social Workers. <knowl> Although Muslim men and women may both suffer from a presumption of guilt, women experience the additional presumption of victimhood. And although the venom of anti-Muslim sentiment is directed against both men and women, it is a particularly gendered crisis. But in my experience the worst examples of misogyny do come from Muslim societies, and disproportionate numbers of Muslim men hold misogynist views. Muslim Drag Queens follows the lives of Asif, Ibrahim and Imran, all gay Muslim men who live in the UK and perform on the drag circuit. Comprehensive data on the effect of discrimination and hate crimes targeting Muslim women are hard to find. <CN> Are you a misogynistic man trying to use objectification of women to justify your hate?
<HS> Are you an English girl living in an Islamic area? Remember to keep away from Muslim men. Do not.Take gifts of sweets, cigarettes, drink or drugs. Do not. Accept lifts or 'party' invitations. Do not.Trust Police or Social Workers. <knowl> A top Swedish TV chef has told how he was beaten senseless by a gang of 'Muslim men' - for looking like Donald Trump. Muslim Drag Queens follows the lives of Asif, Ibrahim and Imran, all gay Muslim men who live in the UK and perform on the drag circuit. The risk like the Islamic Jihadists attacks at Iraq to release Islamic Jihadist Prisoners.2. The journey has been made by thousands of young western Muslim men over the two decades or more that contemporary Islamic militancy has posed a deadly international threat. He said none of the complaints were on the criminal level and the pool had agreed the ban would end once social workers confirmed the men "got the message. <CN> What do you mean by an Islamic area? Why do not we take a look at Dubai, an Islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
<HS> Are you an English girl living in an Islamic area? Remember to keep away from Muslim men. Do not.Take gifts of sweets, cigarettes, drink or drugs. Do not. Accept lifts or 'party' invitations. Do not.Trust Police or Social Workers. <knowl> Still less do they dare to do so if their job is that of social worker or police officer. These social workers work on building social skills and empathy development programs in schools. We lack legislation at the federal level to protect social workers, and despite advocacy efforts, the Teri Zenner Social Worker Safety Act has yet to become law. This is a very dark day for social work and for the people that social workers support. She told social workers she also received about $732 a month in Social Security for her disability. <CN> Don't trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this tweet is.
<HS> Are you an English girl living in an Islamic area? Remember to keep away from Muslim men. Do not.Take gifts of sweets, cigarettes, drink or drugs. Do not. Accept lifts or 'party' invitations. Do not.Trust Police or Social Workers. <knowl> No social worker today will risk being accused of this crime. But in my experience the worst examples of misogyny do come from Muslim societies, and disproportionate numbers of Muslim men hold misogynist views. It affects the lives of people of great faith — or no faith at all. Is it true if a group of women get naked, that Muslim men must kill themselves? Cazeneuve was speaking after a meeting with leaders of the French Council of the Muslim Religion. <CN> I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
<HS> Don't call Islam a peaceful religion. Consult the evidence on Muslim child rapists. Children were raped by more than 10 people in a night, up to 100 in a week. Why is the media ignoring this? <knowl> RT AJStream Is there a divide between African-American #Muslims & other Muslim communities in the US? How were so many minority communities able to coexist with Islam for more than a millennium? If Muslims butchering Muslims — in Sudan, Iraq, Egypt, Pakistan and Jordan — produces little communal reaction, while cartoons and papal remarks produce mass protests, what does Islam stand for today? In the song below, Muslim hip hop groupexpresses their frustration with the negative media coverage of Islamic culture. They seem to fear that both Muslim communities and the religiously intolerant will hear the word Islam and simply assume that all Muslims are being held responsible for the excesses of the jihadist few. <CN> Child rapists are a tiny sick minority across all communities. Islam does not condone it and Muslims do not accept it.
<HS> Don't call Islam a peaceful religion. Consult the evidence on Muslim child rapists. Children were raped by more than 10 people in a night, up to 100 in a week. Why is the media ignoring this? <knowl> The reality, of course, is that most Muslims are neither heroes nor extremists. Most Muslims believe religion, politics should be intertwinedA majority of Muslims surveyed in Southeast Asia, South Asia and the Middle East-North Africa told Pew that religious leaders in their respective countries should have political influence. Western, non-Muslim media portray Muslims as terrorists with very little nuance, says Brown. To me, Islam was a peaceful faith, no matter what a handful of violent extremists said. But over the years, a growing list of Muslim extremists and terrorists has emerged from the city. <CN> The media is not ignoring those rape crimes. Those who commit the crimes are extremists. The majority of Muslims are peaceful and respect people. It is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
<HS> Don't call Islam a peaceful religion. Consult the evidence on Muslim child rapists. Children were raped by more than 10 people in a night, up to 100 in a week. Why is the media ignoring this? <knowl> Islam, as practiced by the vast majority of people, is a peaceful religion, a religion that respects others. "Muslims have the same right to practice their religion as everyone else in this country," he said to applause. Sally Quinn: I am currently working on a book about religion in Washington. It's all shoving your religion in other people's faces to me. Because for the last two centuries, this region has been under interference from others on the outside. <CN> No religion is peaceful. Every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. Islam is not that different in this respect from other religions.
<HS> Don't call Islam a peaceful religion. Consult the evidence on Muslim child rapists. Children were raped by more than 10 people in a night, up to 100 in a week. Why is the media ignoring this? <knowl> On Morning Joe today, Bloomberg's John Heilemann asked Trump directly whether he thinks Islam is an inherently violent or peaceful religion. In general, most voters -- 65 percent -- think Islam is a peaceful religion and that a small number of Muslim individuals are responsible for violence. "Many Muslims want religion to play a role in politics," he says. Do you think that Islam is an inherently peaceful religion that's been perverted by some? The third majority Muslim country in the study is Turkey, which has a very different relationship with religion. <CN> Such numbers! Are you sure they are true? Can you give a link to the evidence about that?
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> In May, Correa halted his motorcade to berate a teenager who flipped him the bird from the sidewalk, punishing the kid with 20 hours of community service. Sins of My Father " received universal acclaim from music critics . But the E.C.B. immediately found itself under severe pressure from the moralizers, who hate the idea of letting countries off the hook for their alleged fiscal sins. SNAP also called vacating wins and banning bowl games forgettable punishments. Good people make mistakes and do regrettable and even disgusting things. <CN> Punishing the 'Many' for the sins of the 'Few' - what sort of disgusting country do you think we live in?
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> Top 8 germiest places in school"It's worse in terms of scope of critically ill children who require intensive care. Overall, there are about 6 million adults who suffer from serious mental illness who receive some care annually. Ms. Ando has two close family members who suffer from mental illness. In the early 19th century many mentally ill people were confined to jails. <CN> Except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to where I need to be, cook my delicious take away when I haven't got time, teach my children in school. Get the point?
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> The number of rapists freed before serving half their sentences also rose. "We are eagerly looking forward to prosecuting those rapists, those repeat rapists. If true, lots of people need to go to jail for decades — if. Anders says rapists aren't adequately punished after being convicted of sexual assault. Of 3,263 rapists convicted in the past three years, 409 had previous sex convictions. <CN> Rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. The proportion of Pakistani people who are rapists is no more than that of White British population.
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> "Considering information available at present, my judgment is that the classification of the crime is rape. It all began with the arrest of a rape suspect in an open-air market two weeks ago. May has set as high priorities the issues of violence against women, including failures to investigate rape, and modern slavery. In fact, crime rates and substance abuse rates are formidable, right along with our self-assessment scores on paper-and-pencil tests. Ian was convicted of a crime, he was sentenced and punished. <CN> Migrants, like those from Pakistan, benefit the UK massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html.
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> The post "Please Don't Be One Of Us": Refugees Fear Fallout From Nice Attack appeared first on Vocativ. Academic Sandi Mann 's interviews found that the British wished and demanded cordiality from service personnel , more than from their coworkers . Sandi Mann concludes from her research that the " Have a Nice Day " culture will prevail , becoming used by more companies and countries . The common valediction has become " have a nice day " . They later changed the phrase to " Have a nice day " . <CN> All the people from Pakistan that I know are really nice! No need to generalize too much!
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> A teacher from southern Mexico protested in Mexico City on Wednesday against legislation to overhaul education. No schools are thought to have been involved from WA.State education departments have condemned the site, with Victoria's Department of Education and Training labelling it "disgusting". The government introduced draft legislation to change the way education is funded and controlled last fall. Legislators across the country need to follow suit and pass similar American civics education legislation in their own states. <CN> I will not use disgusting to describe any country since crime happens in every country, that would be every country is disgusting. We should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> All other countries, including the UK, are by comparison bit players. His lawyers argued he was from an EU country and he had lived in the UK for 20 years. Getting evidence from sexual assaults properly tested and processed is an undoubtedly an important part of the criminal justice system. For an immigrant from the UK and a lot of other countries in Europe, the average wait time is seven years. We're building platforms ... that other countries can join over time. <CN> Our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. Meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both UK and other countries.
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> If you judge people for their backgrounds or make sweeping generalisations about people we don't understand then we're nothing but hypocrites. The migrants spend every hour of every day confined to the church for fear of deportation. It included, along with members of the press, several congregational leaders from around the Bay Area. Final Fantasy 15 talks in sweeping generalisations and barely stops to tally up the human cost. Jerard González, the former immigration prosecutor, disagrees that former IRA members should get a reprieve from deportation. <CN> What have 'all' Pakistani people done to deserve deportation? Sweeping generalisations like this are divisive and fuel false fearmongering around migrants.
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> He said the Bush administration "effectively censored images of flag-draped caskets from appearing in media coverage. Defense attorneys filed a motion late Sunday to sequester the jury to prevent them from further "prejudicial" media coverage. We'll look at the media coverage then and the media coverage now. That is not to say that media coverage doesn't play any role. Sustained media coverage and public concern usually fail to adjust internal coalition building. <CN> Sounds like falsely-informed anti-migrant sentiment sparked by biased media coverage.
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> Leaking someone's private nude photos without their consent is sexual assault. — Lucas Neff (RealLucasNeff) September 01, 2014Taking or disseminating naked photos of someone without their consent is a sexual assault. Defense attorneys accused Miller of caving to pressure from higher-ups eager to show the military was serious about pursuing sexual assault allegations. âI am on a rampage to stamp out sexual assault," he said. Sexual assault is "a problem that's affecting the whole of society. <CN> It is quite a generalisation to say anyone from Pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. Nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> But I have found what Ken Clarke said about the proposed shortening of sentences for criminals, including rapists, very offensive. That law mandates long prison sentences for child rapists and molesters. The number of rapists freed before serving half their sentences also rose. "When Donald Trump calls us criminals and rapists, he's insulting American families. got everything from murderers to rapists ... it's pretty tough characters," he said then. <CN> Indeed, those rapists or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> Some of the minors include children previously reported missing by their families; others are foreign nationals. The news outlet Ahram Online said the group consists of 29 foreign nationals and 14 Egyptians suspected of receiving "illegal foreign funding — with the alleged aim of destabilizing Egypt's national security. And this was not the first time, the xenophobic attacks of 2008 left more than 60 people, mostly foreign nationals, dead. People from outside view South Africa as a place of opportunity but with the country's economy in stagnation, strained by an already high unemployment rate, tensions between local residents and foreign nationals have escalated in recent years. Johannesburg, South Africa - The latest wave of xenophobic attacks against foreign nationals occurred in South Africa's Isipingo located in the province of KwaZulu-Natal. <CN> We deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. But I am guessing, not all of them went back to Pakistan. Criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> If Congress wishes to protect former criminals from employment discrimination, it can amend the law, they added. Then, it announced it deadlocked on President Obama's plan to exempt some undocumented immigrants from deportation and allow them to work legally. The first, signed by President Lyndon Johnson in 1965, prohibits federal contractors from discriminating based on race, religion, gender or nationality in hiring. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson predicted Monday that federal courts will ultimately allow the Obama administration to proceed with its plans to shield millions of illegal immigrants from deportation. The Fix explains what changed, and why it matters this year. <CN> Deportation is a very serious matter. We should not deport people based on their nationality. Of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a bad decision.
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> After months of intimidation from her rapist and indifference from the police, she got a politically powerful acquaintance to intervene, and her rapist was finally arrested. Over the past week, Cosby has received support from a unlikely coalition of people. She's right - intervening in a rape does not remove the threat of future assaults from that rapist. Jane's troubling case reveals the intersections between rape culture and the way we strip agency from people with disabilities. Others have pointed to the personal nature of his relationships with his accusers as proof that he is not a rapist. <CN> Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> the latest from Twitter:Police: 2 people dead after shooting at UCLA; campus on lockdownBREAKING: Victim at #UCLA seen on a stretcher following reports of a shooting. "Police say the shooting occurred in an isolated area of campus, and that there were no other victims aside from the fatal victims. The piece is no longer sold there, and Daniels has pledged to seek more input on products from victims' relatives on the museum board. The biological development is that people are living longer than ever. Nevadans pay the most: $15 to lock and $18 to unlock. <CN> The ONS says 55%of victims are assaulted by a partner or ex partner. Lock up all married people (and divorcees)!
<HS> Another rapist from Pakistan. We should deport them all back to their disgusting country. <knowl> This is Norma Kent from the American Association of Community Colleges. Students and faculty are evacuated from Umpqua Community College after the shooting. Community finances: minus $10 million from community bank accounts for government expenditures. <CN> Does Jimmy Saville represent all British Christians? Of course not, punish the individual not the community.
<HS> Muslim rape gangs have spread over Telford, Rotherham, Rochdale, Oxford, Newcastle, everywhere. This is disgusting! <knowl> Young teenagers who believed they had found love were then brutally raped by gangs of men. Mr. Trump has called for banning Muslims from the United States and surveillance of Muslim-American religious institutions. Students who witnessed the rape and those who later linked to it on Twitter all seemed unaware that a serious crime had been committed. Matters are made worse by the rise of militant Islam, which has added to the old crime of racism the new crime of 'Islamophobia'. But an awful lot of recent child sexual abuse has been committed by gangs of Muslim men, in Rotherham and countless other towns across the country. <CN> Do you think the rape crime or gangs are formed only by Muslims? What do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
<HS> Muslim rape gangs have spread over Telford, Rotherham, Rochdale, Oxford, Newcastle, everywhere. This is disgusting! <knowl> A Ukip statement said: These protesters aren't the real people of Rotherham. Young teenagers who believed they had found love were then brutally raped by gangs of men. Hilarious Nigel Farage is trapped inside the Rotherham Ukip shop by people objecting to him coming to rubber neck at victims! The newspaper characterised the comments as " extremist and offensive " and noted that the forum contained many homophobic and racist statements from UKIP members . The only people who can stop them are the national executive, by imposing a shortlist (or, in the Tory version, creating an "A-list" of suitable candidates). <CN> I cannot agree that rape gangs are made up only from Muslims. People of all nationalities can become criminals. We should deal with it without making racist statements.
<HS> Muslim rape gangs have spread over Telford, Rotherham, Rochdale, Oxford, Newcastle, everywhere. This is disgusting! <knowl> Mr. Telford said he was approached by dozens of such experts. Young teenagers who believed they had found love were then brutally raped by gangs of men. Rotherham were deducted 17 points at the start of the 2008 - 09 season because of improperly exiting administration . In February, during a trial of a gang of men convicted of sexually exploiting and abusing girls in Rotherham, collusion between police officers and offenders was suggested. Today the Rotherham euro project is long forgotten and this Labour town is, instead, a hotbed of anti-EU, pro-Brexit sentiment in the heart of South Yorkshire. <CN> Do you have the evidence that now there are more crimes than there were in the previous decades? I do not have such statistics. Arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> But others are praising him for bringing Muslim immigration concerns to the forefront of the national dialogue. But in the past year, he has homed in on the issue of Turkish and other Muslim immigrants. Many Muslim immigrants have lived in isolation from Western cultures and values which their faith has taught them to hate. I am frightened for other Muslims in the United States, who could face the same discrimination and abuse that I suffered." In a powerful op-ed published in the New York Times on Friday, the 33-year-old, who is the son of Muslim immigrants, said the Republican candidate "makes me afraid for my family. <CN> I do not think that can even be possible. 20% of women experience abuse before they are 18 and most from friends and family. That is what we should be stopping.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> He rejects Ms Hanson's calls for a ban on Muslim immigration but says Muslims must face greater scrutiny before they're allowed to live in Australia. But others are praising him for bringing Muslim immigration concerns to the forefront of the national dialogue. But in the past year, he has homed in on the issue of Turkish and other Muslim immigrants. The Obama administration on Thursday officially scrapped the last vestiges of a U.S. registration system for Muslim immigrants. Many Muslim immigrants have lived in isolation from Western cultures and values which their faith has taught them to hate. <CN> Do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? That it is due to Muslim immigrants? I think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to Muslims. So your words are really strong ones and I would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> Mr. Zazi, a legal Afghan resident of the United States for many years, is charged with planning to bomb several targets in New York. To improve this further, government officials should continue and expand outreach efforts to the Muslim American community. But others are praising him for bringing Muslim immigration concerns to the forefront of the national dialogue. What is required here is for Muslim communities to disown the Paris crime and Islamic extremism in general. But in the past year, he has homed in on the issue of Turkish and other Muslim immigrants. <CN> People are people with evil ones in every community. Misleading tweets like this just help others to get away with it.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> Sub-Saharan Africa carries a disproportionately high share of the global malaria burden with almost 90 percent of the total number of cases and deaths. Non-Muslim Americans, for the most part, accept Muslim immigrants as a welcome addition to our country, the current incarnation of their Anglo, Irish, Italian or other immigrant ancestors. The Obama administration on Thursday officially scrapped the last vestiges of a U.S. registration system for Muslim immigrants. Conservatives implicitly opposed Muslim and Christian immigrants to a somewhat similar extent, certainly well within the margin of error. Many Muslim immigrants have lived in isolation from Western cultures and values which their faith has taught them to hate. <CN> That is what the headlines suggest BUT actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> Many Muslim immigrants have lived in isolation from Western cultures and values which their faith has taught them to hate. Our findings point to a strategy for reducing homegrown radicalization: encouraging immigrants to participate in both of their cultures plus curbing discrimination against Muslims. Overall, support for these indicators of extremism was very low, which is a reminder that the vast majority of Muslims do not hold radical views. Late last year, the French government opened a national discussion about national identity, which has evolved into debates over whether immigrants, and particularly Muslim immigrants, are French enough. Government officials and prosecutors in Seoul who have been investigating the case have said they haven't ruled out the possibility of North Korea being involved in the attack. <CN> The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> Earlier this year, the Jamaican government launched "Breaking Silence," an awareness campaign encouraging victims to come forward. The bill was sold as justice for the victims of sexual abuse, when, in fact, it was a sham, Donohue wrote. I am frightened for other Muslims in the United States, who could face the same discrimination and abuse that I suffered." In a powerful op-ed published in the New York Times on Friday, the 33-year-old, who is the son of Muslim immigrants, said the Republican candidate "makes me afraid for my family. These are many reasons it can take years to come forward. <CN> Really, then how come most victims have been abused by a member of their family or friend? Let's find the truth and then put a stop to abuse.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> The Obama administration on Thursday officially scrapped the last vestiges of a U.S. registration system for Muslim immigrants. Many Muslim immigrants have lived in isolation from Western cultures and values which their faith has taught them to hate. Instead, with the help of some simple mathematics, we can extract the proportion of the total population opposed to citizenship for Christian and Muslim immigrants. He has blamed Obama for spreading propaganda that made people hate the police. Give Muslim immigrants benefits and wait until they voluntarily integrate, their argument goes. <CN> Child rapists are arrested and punished no matter what religion they follow. I do not think it is true that police does not counteract it.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> The Lebanese women's rights group KAFA has reportedly been working on draft legislation with parliament that criminalize all types of domestic abuse. But do Republicans reject Muslim immigrants while — at the same time — welcome Christians? Muslims make up 0.2 percent of Slovakia's more than 5 million people. Rally-goers carried banners saying, "We want laws that protect women from all sorts of sexual violence. REPORTING FROM BEIRUT-- Hundreds of demonstrators took to the streets of the Lebanese capital Saturday demanding that the government introduce legislation that would criminalize marital rape and all forms of sexual violence. <CN> Do you know, according to UK's official statistics, women were more likely to experience domestic abuse than men. This was true for all types of domestic abuse, other than non-sexual family abuse. Around three times as many adults experienced sexual assault by a partner than by a family member.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> What is required here is for Muslim communities to disown the Paris crime and Islamic extremism in general. Many Muslim immigrants have lived in isolation from Western cultures and values which their faith has taught them to hate. Making these ties even stronger, the trip home is shorter for Muslim immigrants in Europe than in the United States. It is a matter of survival for the American Muslim community. If you're looking for scary, dangerous areas to avoid in Seattle, a good place to start your search is with the City of Seattle's violent-crime statistics, which are listed on the. <CN> Have you checked violent crime statistics? The idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the Muslim community. Religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> It is a matter of survival for the American Muslim community. To improve this further, government officials should continue and expand outreach efforts to the Muslim American community. This month, Mr. Trump suggested in an interview that Islam hates us, and he angered many Muslims last year with his idea of a moratorium on Muslim immigrants. What is required here is for Muslim communities to disown the Paris crime and Islamic extremism in general. Many Muslim immigrants have lived in isolation from Western cultures and values which their faith has taught them to hate. <CN> Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. If you want to help make an impact, let's start by addressing the problem, not.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> What is required here is for Muslim communities to disown the Paris crime and Islamic extremism in general. It is a matter of survival for the American Muslim community. This month, Mr. Trump suggested in an interview that Islam hates us, and he angered many Muslims last year with his idea of a moratorium on Muslim immigrants. To improve this further, government officials should continue and expand outreach efforts to the Muslim American community. To decrease the risk of homegrown radicalization, we should work to improve integration of Muslim immigrants, not further isolate them. <CN> Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. It often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> Many Muslim immigrants have lived in isolation from Western cultures and values which their faith has taught them to hate. But others are praising him for bringing Muslim immigration concerns to the forefront of the national dialogue. But in the past year, he has homed in on the issue of Turkish and other Muslim immigrants. Sarrazin's critique of Muslim immigrants has without question touched a national nerve. The sense of beleaguerment among many Muslims in the Washington area is particularly strong among Salafis. <CN> I think the #CatholicChurch #pope #childabuse might have them beaten hands down this is not restricted to anyone faith or community.
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> Many Muslim immigrants have lived in isolation from Western cultures and values which their faith has taught them to hate. The Obama administration on Thursday officially scrapped the last vestiges of a U.S. registration system for Muslim immigrants. But do Republicans reject Muslim immigrants while — at the same time — welcome Christians? Instead, with the help of some simple mathematics, we can extract the proportion of the total population opposed to citizenship for Christian and Muslim immigrants. He rejects Ms Hanson's calls for a ban on Muslim immigration but says Muslims must face greater scrutiny before they're allowed to live in Australia. <CN> This is not true and how can you say this about an entire faith?
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> He rejects Ms Hanson's calls for a ban on Muslim immigration but says Muslims must face greater scrutiny before they're allowed to live in Australia. Muslims make up 0.2 percent of Slovakia's more than 5 million people. The Obama administration on Thursday officially scrapped the last vestiges of a U.S. registration system for Muslim immigrants. Conservatives implicitly opposed Muslim and Christian immigrants to a somewhat similar extent, certainly well within the margin of error. Many Muslim immigrants have lived in isolation from Western cultures and values which their faith has taught them to hate. <CN> Haven't movements like #metoo , the Church's child sex scandal, and the number of non-muslim celebrities arrested for sexual assault proven that rape is in no way a Muslim-specific issue?
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> In the second — the 2011 Tucson shootings that left Rep. Gabrielle Giffords gravely wounded — the perpetrator, Jared Loughner, was non-Muslim and white. This ambivalence starts in the Muslim community, where there is a deep cleavage over what constitutes authentic Islam today. In the first scenario — the 2009 Fort Hood shootings — the perpetrator, Nidal Hasan, was a Muslim of Palestinian ancestry. Many Muslim immigrants have lived in isolation from Western cultures and values which their faith has taught them to hate. I am frightened for other Muslims in the United States, who could face the same discrimination and abuse that I suffered." <CN> The media is selective in the rape stories it shows. Muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> Likewise, intolerance for minorities is a hallmark of many political systems, but Trump has taken it to a level seen for many years in Mexico, both with his rhetoric aimed here and with his call to ban Muslim immigrants. Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? "This government is too busy chasing innocent Muslim women to fight against terrorism. Tibet has had an Islamic community for around 400 years, although my richest contacts with Islam have been in India, which has the world's second-largest Muslim population. The motion also reaffirms the parliament's support for a non-discriminatory immigration policy, to Australia being a culturally diverse and tolerant nation and denounces racial intolerance in any form. <CN> That is very inflammatory. Have you got any reputable news sources to support that? Or is this just Islamophobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
<HS> Did you know that the rape epidemic in Europe is due to Muslim immigrants? They have been raping our children for many years with no counteraction from the police and government. Islam is a death cult! <knowl> They show that newly arrived immigrants almost never think of themselves as British and that no difference exists between Muslims and non-Muslims. He rejects Ms Hanson's calls for a ban on Muslim immigration but says Muslims must face greater scrutiny before they're allowed to live in Australia. Using the UK Fourth National Survey of Ethnic Minorities, Bisin et al. (2008, 2011a) find that attachment to the culture of origin is higher for Muslims than for non-Muslims. The Obama administration on Thursday officially scrapped the last vestiges of a U.S. registration system for Muslim immigrants. France has seen its Muslim population explode to more than 8 million, and growing, according to the Gatestone Institute. <CN> Asian CSE offenders represent 0.01% of the UK's Asian population' - there are no more Muslim rapists than there are non-Muslim rapists, proportionally. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
<HS> I am a realist not a racist. Child rapes are perpetrated by male muslims. The non muslims are fooled by the police and local services. Why did this happen? Because everyone is afraid of the word racist! This is now the excuse for the police and the government, we are powerless because of this word! This is not Great Britain, this is the child grooming capital of Europe. <knowl> One of the brothers of the tribal chairman raped a child, and a second brother sexually abused a 12-year-old girl. The action comes after years of failure by government and tribal law enforcement officials to conduct proper investigations of dozens of cases of child sexual abuse, including rape. Ex-prosecutor urges N.Y. to approve Child Victims ActMelanie Blow, of the Stop Abuse Campaign, called Donohue's use of the word rape very offensive, but not surprising. The report urges the government to ensure rigorous implementation of child protection laws and strict monitoring of child care facilities. She experienced the same pain, fear, trauma, and abuse as the first child. <CN> Child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. In fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. This is a sad truth. We should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
<HS> I am a realist not a racist. Child rapes are perpetrated by male muslims. The non muslims are fooled by the police and local services. Why did this happen? Because everyone is afraid of the word racist! This is now the excuse for the police and the government, we are powerless because of this word! This is not Great Britain, this is the child grooming capital of Europe. <knowl> Because, as the probability of executions rises, the fear of that punishment will also rise. That's why the Government is proposing to help the police stay one step ahead of the criminals. Mr. Duterte's mockery of the rule of law is not limited to criminals. "The primary responsibility of any government, first and foremost, is to protect the public. The U.S. Department of Justice estimates that convicted criminals free on parole and probation . . . <CN> Criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. Doesn't matter what their race is. Why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
<HS> I am a realist not a racist. Child rapes are perpetrated by male muslims. The non muslims are fooled by the police and local services. Why did this happen? Because everyone is afraid of the word racist! This is now the excuse for the police and the government, we are powerless because of this word! This is not Great Britain, this is the child grooming capital of Europe. <knowl> The two mothers, both in their 20s and fans of the Watkins band Lostprophets, were convicted of a series of sexual offences alongside the singer on Tuesday. A Ministry of Justice spokesman said: "The overwhelming majority of people bailed do not reoffend. Clarke, of Erdington, Birmingham, initially denied 17 charges of indecent assault, 12 offences of indecency with a child and two attempted serious sexual offences. Clarke, of Holly Lane, Erdington, Birmingham, denies 17 charges of indecent assault, 12 offences of indecency with a child and two attempted serious sexual offences. In the year to the end of June police recorded 569 murders, a rise of 44 on the previous year. <CN> We have no right to blame other people. Analysis showed that a large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the victims, are white.
<HS> I am a realist not a racist. Child rapes are perpetrated by male muslims. The non muslims are fooled by the police and local services. Why did this happen? Because everyone is afraid of the word racist! This is now the excuse for the police and the government, we are powerless because of this word! This is not Great Britain, this is the child grooming capital of Europe. <knowl> So we need the work of the police, we need the work of the Crown Prosecution Service, we need the work of the judiciary." The former football coach Barry Bennell has been charged with eight offences of sexual assault against a boy under the age of 14, the Crown Prosecution Service has said. Six other journalists were charged, Alison Levitt of the Crown Prosecution Service announced, while three will not be prosecuted. The suspects include at least one journalist and a police officer, the Crown Prosecution Service said, declining to name them. <CN> According to Crown Prosecution Service's source, at least 80% white people convicted of child abuse offences. What did this happen? We should stop hating and complaining about others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes. If you want to help, please contact National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, Lucy Faithful Foundation, or Independent Sexual Violence Advocates.
<HS> I am a realist not a racist. Child rapes are perpetrated by male muslims. The non muslims are fooled by the police and local services. Why did this happen? Because everyone is afraid of the word racist! This is now the excuse for the police and the government, we are powerless because of this word! This is not Great Britain, this is the child grooming capital of Europe. <knowl> Last year, London was named as the cocaine capital of Europe. Armoured vehicles and soldiers remained deployed throughout the historic centre of the de facto capital of Europe, and at major stations. As he told The Nation, I'm not afraid of the word. A breakdown of the locations in Tuesday's terrorist attacks in Brussels. Armed officers swooped on a number of addresses in the notorious Molenbeek district of Brussels - known as the jihadist capital of Europe. <CN> Do you have the statistics for domestic violence in Great Britain? This is even a huger problem in Great Britain! I'd suggest we first should think about our inner problems, and you suggest to just blame the outsiders in everything!
<HS> Somalian immigrants claimed raping to be a part of their culture! We should deport them all! <knowl> Some Maori today who identify strongly with their traditional culture get similar tattoos. "In other words, they've put the onus for rape on anything except rapists. The defense will blame alcohol and a culture of binge drinking and sexual promiscuity on campus. Tickets for the event cost up NZ$395 ($324) for a chance to meet Tyson in person. It's not a 'mistake' but a deliberate decision to treat another person like a soulless object." <CN> These are wicked words. But if one person said that, does it mean that everyone agrees with it?
<HS> #visitmymosque. But do not ask any questions about Muslim grooming gangs targeting white schoolgirls in Rotherham, Rochdale, Tyneside, Teeside etc. <knowl> Teabaggers: THESE are the issues you need to be concerned about, not communism and tax hikes and Muslims in the WH.This ruling is an absolute outrage. Any nonprofit participating in political action might have to disclose all contributions greater than $200. "The officer said, 'In all three of those cases, it was the bicyclist's fault,' " Shahum said. The defense has been noting Trump's comments about Bergdahl in what they've dubbed the "Trump Defamation Log." During his lecture, Wiesel noted that Wehmeier who was born in 1943 was hardly responsible for the actions of his forefathers. <CN> These actions are not the fault of an entire community?
<HS> #visitmymosque. But do not ask any questions about Muslim grooming gangs targeting white schoolgirls in Rotherham, Rochdale, Tyneside, Teeside etc. <knowl> "He regrets it very much, this is someone who has worked in positions of trust for many years. There are definitely reasonable factors that exist which explain the difference in salaries between men's and women's sports coaches. The greatest disparity is found at Kansas, where on average, men's sports coaches earn eight-times that of women's sports coaches. Calhoun also is a voter in the USA TODAY Sports Coaches Poll. The Daily Telegraph called her " one of Australia 's most successful sports coaches " . <CN> White men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the Church and Hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. Why aren't you angry about that?
<HS> #visitmymosque. But do not ask any questions about Muslim grooming gangs targeting white schoolgirls in Rotherham, Rochdale, Tyneside, Teeside etc. <knowl> The report into child abuse in Rotherham was devastating in its findings. Taylor agreed in September to plead guilty to child exploitation and child abuse images charges and admitted using hidden cameras to produce abuse images of 12 children. In 2012 alone, the RCMP's National Child Exploitation Co-ordination Centre identified more than 45,000 unique internet addresses where people viewed and shared images of children being sexually abused. The project was expanded in 2011 to include all crimes involving sexual exploitation of a minor, the agency said. For example, the group releases updated, age-progressed pictures of abducted children every two years to aid in search efforts. <CN> If you are really concerned about women and children then support the #truthproject and maybe read some of the findings and a real picture of grooming and child exploitation.
<HS> #visitmymosque. But do not ask any questions about Muslim grooming gangs targeting white schoolgirls in Rotherham, Rochdale, Tyneside, Teeside etc. <knowl> Do I have the freedom to raise questions about efficiency and efficacy w/in my orrganization? Mr. King also said that in the context of the full passage the questions make more sense. Rowe also asked Aldean about Bieber, who's been in the media a lot lately — and hardly any of it seems positive. Other questions being bandied about: Was the whole thing an Apple plant so the company could gauge user reactions to the redesign? When we tried it on an unsuspecting hydrant, we got a bunch of canned questions and not a whole lot of intelligent interaction. <CN> Actually, I think that the whole point of #VisitMyMosque is to ask questions.
<HS> #visitmymosque. But do not ask any questions about Muslim grooming gangs targeting white schoolgirls in Rotherham, Rochdale, Tyneside, Teeside etc. <knowl> It never fails to amaze me about the assumptions White people make about our community. It never fails to amaze me about the assumptions White people make about our community.~~~~~~~~~~~ Well said Postpost4. Grace, whose leaders include lawyers and psychologists, specializes in advising churches and other Christian organizations on addressing abuse. In cities and villages across Germany, church bells ring, and Christian church representatives broadcast their programs on state radio and television. The sound of the call to prayer in Muslim communities is a standard part of ritual life on Muslims' main prayer day. <CN> #visitmymosque .and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. Muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. Just as the Church is for with abusers who call themselves Christian and use the Church. But somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
<HS> #visitmymosque. But do not ask any questions about Muslim grooming gangs targeting white schoolgirls in Rotherham, Rochdale, Tyneside, Teeside etc. <knowl> As long as there are cheering audiences to affirm foolishness in church, there will be willing clergy to accept their praise. "And especially in places where churches play prominent roles, clergy could have a great deal of influence on their communities' votes. About as many churchgoers — one in 10 — reported that they had heard clergy members speak against a presidential candidate as in support of one. In March this year, Pope Francis permanently ejected him from clergy status. But the IRS investigates dozens of complaints about church/preacher electioneering each year. <CN> #visitmychurch are you going into Churches and asking the same questions of the clergy?
<HS> #visitmymosque. But do not ask any questions about Muslim grooming gangs targeting white schoolgirls in Rotherham, Rochdale, Tyneside, Teeside etc. <knowl> Nelson replied that the request for the lesser charge required a felony, and child abuse fell into that category. But Palm, of the Protect Our Children Committee, worries that some people who call the child abuse hotline may be disappointed. "In the last few years, organisations like Rozan have been working to educate children and teachers about issues such as child abuse. About half the abused children in the study would never be identified as in need of help by child protection agencies because they do not fit the classical definition of life-threatening physical abuse or neglect. The 6th District Court of Appeal in San Jose reversed the child abuse determination made by the Santa Clara County Department of Social Services. <CN> I am more worried about the Pope's recent acknowledgement that Nuns are being abused in the Church right now, as is Child abuse -he's asked the clergy to turn themselves in; the white grooming gangs that go unhindered in Rochdale because no one is looking for them.
<HS> #visitmymosque. But do not ask any questions about Muslim grooming gangs targeting white schoolgirls in Rotherham, Rochdale, Tyneside, Teeside etc. <knowl> I found Quora's questions and answers to be rather smart and entertaining. Here's a few of the questions with their answers after each picture. Its Silicon Valley roots are evident in its numerous technology-related questions and answers. Question about hotel in Montego Bay, Jamaica, produced five answers, all from the USA.Takeaway: Valuable information, but has feel of old-school message board. Oyogi appears to be a question and answer service in the style of Yahoo Answers. <CN> No one's saying do not ask questions. Maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> Benazir Bhutto, a "moderate" Muslim gave her life for her vision of moderate Islam. If Muslims attack Christianity or the Bible or its symbols they are violating their own faith. Arlington, Va.: Is their more than one version of the Quran? We met Muslims who had been imprisoned in inhuman conditions on the basis of their name--see our book for the case of Abdulrahman Zeitoun. Muslim men have been arrested and deported on the flimiest of excuses. <CN> There are Bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for Christian rapists. The Quran.
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> Thousands of Afghans took to the streets in Bagram to protest the 'burning of the Koran' by NATO-led troops, officials said. For Muslims, the Koran in Arabic is the literal word of God, revealed to Muhammad by the archangel Gabriel over 23 years. Badeh would not disclose the exact location where they believe the girls are being held. And it took a 14-year-old girl to bring that to people's attention. At first they found only the Russian director of the office, but they let him go when he persuaded them that he was a Muslim by reciting the Koran in Arabic. <CN> Can you show me an exact location in Koran where people are encouraged to do this? I do not think so.
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> This was the reaction of the people of Afghanistan, the spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, said. Nigeria's population of 170 million people is divided almost equally between Christians and Muslims. And it took a 14-year-old girl to bring that to people's attention. Koran didn't say that girls are not allowed to go to school"Malala exposed the lie of Islamic extremists - and they were willing to kill her for it. This past week, thousands of demonstrators thronged to the streets to protest the Taliban's brutality towards women. <CN> This is simply not true and how can you say this about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> No, it's about human rights — because one of the most searing rights abuses in America is the sexual exploitation of children. Human Rights Watch and the United Nations have called on ISIS to release the girls, citing human rights abuses. I had done a lot of work in my previous jobs with victims of human rights abuses. Both centres have been plagued with accusations of poor conditions, human rights abuses, and that the lengthy indefinite detention causing harm to detainees. It was a landmark sentence that sent a message of justice to the many thousands who fell victim to human-rights abuses during Guatemala's civil war from 1960 to 1996, said Sebastian Elgueta, a Central America researcher at Amnesty International. <CN> All the major world religions have at some time been associated with extreme human rights abuses against men, women and children.
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> Thousands of Afghan protesters, outraged over Florida pastor Terry Jones' orchestrated Koran burning, stormed the UN compound in Mazar-i-Sharif, resulting in a massacre that left 20 dead. Koran didn't say that girls are not allowed to go to school"Malala exposed the lie of Islamic extremists - and they were willing to kill her for it. They set fire to a girls' high school and torched buses and cars. The Taliban, after all, has bombed hundreds of schools, especially those for girls. Malala was one of the girls who was shot on that school bus. <CN> Would you like to point out where in the Koran it commands rape gangs? Just a heads up, you are gonna struggle to find a quote.
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> "Muslims also share suspicion of their own people in their homelands. Ironically, Chaves says, America's religious tolerance has made people more accepting of others whose religion is different from their own -- even those with no religion. And it took a 14-year-old girl to bring that to people's attention. And while politicians have been cowardly and hesitant, a 14-year-old girl has led the charge. "Muslims also face a similar dichotomy of ideas in the Koran, from maintaining peace to raging war. <CN> Some horrible people are responsible for this. But why assign a religion to this? It has nothing to do with it.
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> Muslims are instructed by the Koran to be true to their religion. While many Orthodox Jews consider homosexual relations to be a violation of divine law, Mr. Goldberg's group has no official standing within Judaism, and many Jews accept homosexuality. Now some Sunni militants are urging the killing of Shiites, alleging that they are not true Muslims. Once they took the girls out, they would rape them and bring them back to exchange for new girls. They've scared girls into forgoing school, they've repressed women, they've pushed for draconian interpretations of Pakistan's blasphemy law. <CN> The Quran does command Muslim rape gangs. In fact, sexual violation is regarded by true Muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> And you tell us that the muslims do not take the Koran literally? Case in point here is that people panic because of an association, even Muslims. This year, I spoke with thousands of girls around the country about friendship and bullying. Burning a Koran is considered by Muslims among the most offensive actions taken against Islam. And it took a 14-year-old girl to bring that to people's attention. <CN> We are not accepting this. These people are being rightly punished for their actions. But my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? Do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> A considerable amount of what is known about the AAPI student population has been heavily influenced by stereotypes and distortions, not the complete facts. Hindus have lived with Buddhists, Jains, Jews, Christians, Zoroastrians, and Muslims for thousands of years. CLEARTHINKING: Hindus have lived with Buddhists, Jains, Jews, Christians, Zoroastrians, and Muslims for thousands of years. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. No religion condones the killing of innocents and the vast majority of ISIL's victims have been Muslim. <CN> The vast majority of Muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the Qur'an. Get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> Muslims in the town were supportive of the community leaders' decision. "Muslims also share suspicion of their own people in their homelands. "Humiliation of the holy book represents the humiliation of our people. Thousands of angry protesters also stormed the U.S. Embassy in Cairo. Since the founding of Pakistan, most conversions are to Islam, the state religion. <CN> The Qur'an condemns rape, the fact that a few people ignorant of the teachings of the religion do that does not taint an entire religion.
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> Tens of thousands of children had been abused by clerics worldwide, it said. It was particularly critical of the Vatican's handling of Ireland's Magdalene Laundries scandal, in which thousands of women and girls were abused and enslaved, saying a full Vatican investigation should be launched and the abusers prosecuted. "RELATED: LOS ANGELES CATHOLIC CHURCH SEX ABUSE FILES RELEASEDCritically, the committee rejected the Vatican's longstanding argument that it doesn't control bishops or their abusive priests. It also said the Vatican needed to launch a full investigation into Ireland's Magdalene Laundries scandal in which thousands of women and girls were abused and enslaved. Third, revise church canon law and Vatican protocols so that no secrecy surrounds child sex abuse. <CN> Child sex abuse happens in all religions. You only have to look at what the Vatican covers up to see that.
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> Instead, the vast majority of rapes are perpetuated by men who know that what they're doing is wrong. That impression grew out of the fact that women have typically made up the vast majority of volunteers for studies looking at the disorder. I came across "humor" pages with names like "Raping Your Girlfriend," and text and images of popular rape memes depicting about-to-be-raped, incapacitated girls. The problem with that logic is that the vast majority of rapes are committed by someone the victim knows and in a place where the victim feels safe. Laura Bates, the founder of the Everyday Sexism Project, which has chronicled the experiences of thousands of women, said: We have received numerous entries from people who have experienced sexism, harassment or abuse while playing, watching, supporting or working in football. <CN> The vast majority of rapes are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. There are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> The Koran burning also prompted more peaceful demonstrations in the capital, Kabul, in the western city of Herat and in the northern province of Takhar. About 50 of the girls would have been swapped for an equal number of Boko Haram fighters who had earlier been captured by the government, the source said. Koran didn't say that girls are not allowed to go to school"Malala exposed the lie of Islamic extremists - and they were willing to kill her for it. Nigeria's population of 170 million people is divided almost equally between Christians and Muslims. This past week, thousands of demonstrators thronged to the streets to protest the Taliban's brutality towards women. <CN> The media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving Muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-Muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> The amendment also introduces the concept of statutory rape, outlawing sex with girls under 16. The US and other Western nations have opposed dealing with Boko Haram, which has murdered thousands of civilians in recent years — including nearly 500 since the girls' kidnapping. Koran didn't say that girls are not allowed to go to school"Malala exposed the lie of Islamic extremists - and they were willing to kill her for it. The video was different from one released earlier in which about 100 of the girls — clad in traditional Muslim hijabs and chanting Koran verses in Arabic — claimed to have converted to Islam. The Islamic code had merely banned sex with girls before puberty. <CN> Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> Muslim neighbors of the church had already asked him if he and his congregation found Koran-burning acceptable as Christians, Father Thaer said. The US and other Western nations have opposed dealing with Boko Haram, which has murdered thousands of civilians in recent years — including nearly 500 since the girls' kidnapping. Koran didn't say that girls are not allowed to go to school"Malala exposed the lie of Islamic extremists - and they were willing to kill her for it. At first they found only the Russian director of the office, but they let him go when he persuaded them that he was a Muslim by reciting the Koran in Arabic. The video was different from one released earlier in which about 100 of the girls — clad in traditional Muslim hijabs and chanting Koran verses in Arabic — claimed to have converted to Islam. <CN> Many rapes are also committed by non-Muslim perpetrators. Are you picking out Muslim rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
<HS> Thousands of our girls abused by Muslim rape gangs, commanded by Koran. Why do we keep accepting this? <knowl> Girls are less likely to be sexually abused by a sister than by a brother. "Seven out of 10 girls that came through that facility had suffered from physical or sexual abuse," says Tyler. Sexual abuse is not a legitimate tactic of conflict or war. Eighteen were women who had been sexually abused by their brothers. "Is the country in the middle of a child sexual abuse epidemic? <CN> Actually, the Qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. Muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by Muslim teachings, and are denounced by true Muslims.
<HS> Our liberal government continues to ignore child rapes and Islamic radicalisation, because they promote modern values, e.g. Increasing the sexualization of children. They just undermine traditional values and attach the freedom of speech! <knowl> Freedom of speech .. freedom of expression.. and finally freedom of action. amazing stuff!I am really amazed by the standards of freedom of speech and freedom of expression and freedom of action .. In the name of freedom of speech you are hurting the feelings of Muslims. "Freedom of speech is one of the foundations of our democratic society," the judge said. He went on: On the age of consent, I have always supported equalisation of the age of consent. <CN> Let's remind ourselves that in the US, in 1880, the age of consent was set at 10 or 12 in most states, with the exception of Delaware where it was 7. We live in more enlightened times.
<HS> Our liberal government continues to ignore child rapes and Islamic radicalisation, because they promote modern values, e.g. Increasing the sexualization of children. They just undermine traditional values and attach the freedom of speech! <knowl> Some of you will say, Oh, freedom of speech, freedom of speech. "The sexualization of children is indeed an important issue, but this is not a part of that. "Freedom of speech is freedom of speech, and you should answer for your own hang-ups," she wrote. It puts a right not to be offended before freedom of speech. But Turkey's record on freedom of speech has taken a nosedive. <CN> The value we should all abide by is respect and oppose ignorance.
<HS> Our liberal government continues to ignore child rapes and Islamic radicalisation, because they promote modern values, e.g. Increasing the sexualization of children. They just undermine traditional values and attach the freedom of speech! <knowl> Of the Four Freedoms , the only two described in the United States Constitution were freedom of speech and freedom of worship . "Freedom of speech is one of the foundations of our democratic society," the judge said. "The sexualization of children is indeed an important issue, but this is not a part of that. Robyn of the St. Petersburg Times wrote that Lewis aptly summarized the development of the U.S. Constitution 's protections of freedom of speech and of the press . Freedom of Speech was the first of a series of four oil paintings , entitled Four Freedoms , painted by Norman Rockwell . <CN> Sexualization of children is a modern value? Do you actually know what is meant by values?
<HS> Our liberal government continues to ignore child rapes and Islamic radicalisation, because they promote modern values, e.g. Increasing the sexualization of children. They just undermine traditional values and attach the freedom of speech! <knowl> Of course, that's not so super if one cares about freedom of speech and press rights. Once again, a variety of complaints were distilled into the rejection of the old regime and the acceptance of liberalism. As the penitent Xue said, freedom of speech cannot override the law — and the law is constraining freedom of speech. If Colin Kaepernick can have his freedom of speech and freedom of expression - guess what - it's a two-way street. Yet such is their evident lack of confidence in their powers of persuasion they are desperate to control the speech of others. <CN> I agree that the sexualisation of childhood is a serious issue, but this isn't something exclusive to 'liberal' societies or Governments.
<HS> Our liberal government continues to ignore child rapes and Islamic radicalisation, because they promote modern values, e.g. Increasing the sexualization of children. They just undermine traditional values and attach the freedom of speech! <knowl> "The sexualization of children is indeed an important issue, but this is not a part of that. But Turkey's record on freedom of speech has taken a nosedive. He concludes that the evolution of interpretation of the rights afforded by the First Amendment has created stronger support for freedom of speech . He cites the New York Times Co. v. Sullivan decision as an example of " " philosophy towards freedom of speech espoused by James Madison . As Britons, we are proud of our British traditions and values, which include freedom of speech and the freedom to practise one's religious beliefs. <CN> These matters are not being ignored. Have you heard that crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
<HS> Our liberal government continues to ignore child rapes and Islamic radicalisation, because they promote modern values, e.g. Increasing the sexualization of children. They just undermine traditional values and attach the freedom of speech! <knowl> Mubarak, the government official, said Bahrain had freedom of speech, but that there were limits. The federal government believes there are substantial concerns within the community about freedom of speech as ethnic groups urge it to keep race hate speech laws intact. The federal government believes there are substantial concerns within the community about freedom of speech as ethnic groups urge it to keep laws banning race hate speech intact. He questioned whether children of racial groups criticized by widely published hate speech would be able to succeed in such an environment . He claimed the law violated his right to freedom of speech. <CN> I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
<HS> Our liberal government continues to ignore child rapes and Islamic radicalisation, because they promote modern values, e.g. Increasing the sexualization of children. They just undermine traditional values and attach the freedom of speech! <knowl> But Turkey's record on freedom of speech has taken a nosedive. While politicians are painting a rosy picture of a gloomy reality, Islamic radicalisation remains a grave danger. The bill does not affect any liberties, it does not hurt freedom of speech or freedom of organization. The restaurant chain, attacked for its CEO's affirmation of marriage as an institution between a man and a woman, became a rallying cry for freedom of speech and religious expression. ")ENDA should be opposed by anyone who believes in freedom of speech, freedom of association, and a free market economy. <CN> Why would you say that? Actually there are many government organisations and NGOs that help and control the rape crimes.
<HS> British laws betray every victim of Muslim rapists! There is one rule for muslim paedos and one for everyone else! How can we change the situation when the government is submitting to Islam so much? <knowl> Certainly the rulers of many Muslim countries fail miserably when compared to the standards Islam holds up for leadership. We don't know of any other country in Europe saying we should not be scared of immigration, said Sophia Metelius, an adviser to the government on immigration policy. The largest group of American Muslims is actually African American Muslims, the vast majority of whom follow Sunni Islam. In turn, the government supports many of Wilders' anti-immigrant positions  from limiting immigration to banning face-covering attire. It was also attractive to young Muslims searching for a more "authentic" Islam than what their Westernized immigrant parents offered. <CN> Our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a vulnerable position. Does it mean that the government is submitting to them? To me it means being humane! You should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
<HS> British laws betray every victim of Muslim rapists! There is one rule for muslim paedos and one for everyone else! How can we change the situation when the government is submitting to Islam so much? <knowl> In Ireland Muslims just this week are calling for Shari'a law. For example to leader of the Muslim Council of Britain makes no secret of his desire to have Shari'a law fully integrated into British law. But these contradictions are not primarily between sectors of Muslim society but rather within Muslim individuals. With democracy besieged in much of Asia and the Muslim world, Indonesia seems like a rare beacon. Omar's story contains the essence of Ramadan for more than a billion Muslims around the world. <CN> Could point to me a specific law for Muslim criminals? I cannot find one. It is not true that they are judged differently. In fact, immigrants are even more vulnerable in our society and are likely to be judged more severely.
<HS> British laws betray every victim of Muslim rapists! There is one rule for muslim paedos and one for everyone else! How can we change the situation when the government is submitting to Islam so much? <knowl> A member of the Muslim Congress protests hatred against Islam last week in Los Angeles. False perceptions of Muslims will fuel a global struggle by polarising factions east and west, driven deeper into hatred and intolerance. The lesson of the Islamic State is that war creates terrorism. Kashkari, the son of Indian American immigrants, is Hindu — not Muslim. But I can still raise my voice against words of hatred. <CN> Where is your evidence for this? This is just hatred.
<HS> British laws betray every victim of Muslim rapists! There is one rule for muslim paedos and one for everyone else! How can we change the situation when the government is submitting to Islam so much? <knowl> Government ministers rarely put the words "Islam" and "terrorism" in the same sentence. But its brand of Islam, known as Wahhabism, emerged in the 18th century. ""We hope this will be a small contribution to unity in the Islamic world. Early next year, the think tank Civitas will publish a survey of 100 British Muslim schools. Governed or official Islam, on the other hand, is religion as construed by those in positions of political and religious power, including the state and various forms of law. <CN> Have faith in British Law. Indeed, the Muslim rapists will be deported back to their own countries after the sentences. Criminals will not get special treatment. Everyone can change the situation even if it is a small contribution. For example, teach children to arm themselves and report suspicious events.
<HS> If white British men were raping muslim girls, they would be already in jail or murdered. Why double standards and privileges for Muslims? <knowl> And it's imperative for white people to join the conversation about racism. And it's time for those in office to be held accountable for the clear double standards being shown in the case of this woman and my case. And it defines support for Israel with a false dichotomy between civilized Jews and Muslim savages. So yes, while my white cousins were attacked by some black men, the emphasis on race felt ludicrously, infuriatingly off topic. Meanwhile, in an interview with the Guardian she slammed the double standards that saw her publicly shamed and lose her crown. <CN> This isn't. This is a false dichotomy. All crime and hatred is wrong.
<HS> If white British men were raping muslim girls, they would be already in jail or murdered. Why double standards and privileges for Muslims? <knowl> Or the double standards in headlines, the double standards in the way stories are told, the double standards in the way things are perceived. Call her by her name!Read More: Taylor Swift Calls Out Double Standards for Successful WomenGrande also spoke about the double standards of female body shaming. "We are not telling Muslim girls to take off the hijab. ""We are not telling Muslim girls to take off the hijab. We need to stop the double standards, a hero is a hero!" <CN> Who can say that Muslims are privileged? They are reminded too often that their religion is not welcome here. I do not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, Muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
<HS> If white British men were raping muslim girls, they would be already in jail or murdered. Why double standards and privileges for Muslims? <knowl> Police are currently searching for three young British Muslim girls they believe might have traveled to Syria to join ISIS after apparently being seduced by the group's fanaticism. Our goal is to eliminate barriers for Muslim girls around the world that prevent them from participating in sports, Hussein explains. "We are not telling Muslim girls to take off the hijab. ""We are not telling Muslim girls to take off the hijab. The scrutiny placed upon their seduction highlighted some major Hollywood double standards. <CN> Why do you think that muslim criminals will receive different treatment or even privileges?
<HS> If white British men were raping muslim girls, they would be already in jail or murdered. Why double standards and privileges for Muslims? <knowl> Or the double standards in headlines, the double standards in the way stories are told, the double standards in the way things are perceived. Call her by her name!Read More: Taylor Swift Calls Out Double Standards for Successful WomenGrande also spoke about the double standards of female body shaming. She's a victim, indeed, but of double standards and sexism - sexist double standards so culturally ingrained that even the newspaper of record will unabashedly print them. We need to stop the double standards, a hero is a hero!" The scrutiny placed upon their seduction highlighted some major Hollywood double standards. <CN> No one is allowed to rape anyone. There are no double standards, criminals go to prison, and religion and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
<HS> Whether you accept it or not, people are concerned with Islamic rape gangs and the spread of extremism. <knowl> He said Afghanistan is "uniquely positioned" to block the spread of extremism. The growing visibility and strength of America's religious diversity is good news for religious freedom. "Be glad of the good news: America is mired in the swamps of the Tigris and Euphrates. This idea is worthy of the good news in Luke where an angel tells us: Do not be afraid. Our political correctness requires that we subtract Islam from any of this, when the whole thing is about Islam. <CN> I noticed what you said and the concerns it caused. Actually, Muslims are kind and sincere. However, people usually can access only negative events and issues about Islam and do not consider good news meaningful. We do not want only fear to exist in the society. Hence, we should help people know about Islam and Muslims.
<HS> Whether you accept it or not, people are concerned with Islamic rape gangs and the spread of extremism. <knowl> He said Afghanistan is "uniquely positioned" to block the spread of extremism. In 2011, Gallup found that 56 percent of French Muslims felt Western societies "respected" Muslim societies. Pickles was accused of treating Muslims as in some way apart from the rest of British society. Islamism is a theocratic ideology that seeks to impose any version of Islam over society by law. As militants seem to be hijacking the name of Islam, how should Muslims respond to the threat of extremism? <CN> Rapism and extremism are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed to Muslims only? This is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse Muslims.
<HS> Whether you accept it or not, people are concerned with Islamic rape gangs and the spread of extremism. <knowl> So we need a broad understanding of it and an understanding of how it is affected by hate speech, not a technical definition. No topic is more frequently debated with less resolution than hate speech. It is unanswerable because hate speech is a category without a stable content. The hypocrisy of calling Islam the religion of peace is not wasted upon us. In the end, none of the alternative ways of dealing with hate speech is entirely satisfying. <CN> As you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of Muslims. We do not want more fear or hate speech in our life. We could help people know the true Muslims by reading the facts and conversing with your Muslim neighbors.
<HS> Whether you accept it or not, people are concerned with Islamic rape gangs and the spread of extremism. <knowl> He said Afghanistan is "uniquely positioned" to block the spread of extremism. Egyptian-born Mr. Masri has become an iconic figure of Islamic hatred in Britain. Mr. Kerry said he was concerned that Boko Haram's advances were part of the broader spread of extremism in Africa. Family members of victims held hands and squeezed one another's arms. The rise of the Islamic State in the Middle East and the spread of extremism among disaffected Muslim youths around the world have led even some liberal people to condemn Islam itself as violent and intolerant. <CN> People's concerns must be based on evidence and not hatred.
<HS> Will Ramadan stop Muslims from terrorism and raping children? Likely it won't. <knowl> Ironically, she had gone there to raise money for victims of Isis. Harris Zafar is National Spokesperson of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community USA -- the oldest Muslim organization in America. The Catholic organization Knights of Columbus last week released a 280-page research document highlighting Christians as victims of ISIS genocide. An advocate for victims of ISIS in Iraq, Murad was named one of TIME's 100 Most Influential People of 2016. Nowhere in the Koran will you find instructions for a victim of rape to present four witnesses to prove she was raped. <CN> The often ignored fact is that Muslims are some of the largest victims of ISIS and within the ISIS-controlled community itself.
<HS> Will Ramadan stop Muslims from terrorism and raping children? Likely it won't. <knowl> He said there was such hatred among Muslims around the world towards Americans that it was necessary to rebuff them en masse, until the problem was better understood. Since 9/11, Paris and San Bernardino attacks, he continued, You've seen too often people conflating the horrific acts of terrorism with the beliefs of an entire faith. Oh, you know, basically implying that America is discriminating against Muslims. A MONSTER who filmed himself raping and torturing children and babies in the Philippines has been charged with such horrific crimes there have been calls for the reintroduction of the death penalty. No surprise, then, that threats and harassment of Muslim Americans have surged. <CN> Why would it? Why such hatred towards an entire faith?
<HS> Will Ramadan stop Muslims from terrorism and raping children? Likely it won't. <knowl> Criminals will use any means whatsoever to fund criminality inside the prison system. The variation among criminal faces is significantly greater than that of the non-criminal faces. Surely any civilised society cannot base its criminal justice system on a policy of retribution alone. Not just any blackness, mind you, but poor, angry blackness that tended toward violence and criminality. In Seth Williams's city, the law sees no collars, except the ones put on criminals. <CN> Crime and criminals are not dependent on any culture. Christian criminals are also not held by religious events. It is just not correct to align religion and criminality.
<HS> Will Ramadan stop Muslims from terrorism and raping children? Likely it won't. <knowl> To ultimately defeat terrorism will take more than one military action after another. "He made numerous Facebook postings glorifying and promoting ISIS and their violent actions," the MHA said. Terrorism will not destroy France; Isis's black flag will never fly over the Assemblée Nationale. The phenomenon of ISIS-ish attacks in the summer of 2016 raises the spectre of a type of political violence resembling the anarchist violence, or the 'first war on terror'. The phenomenon of ISIS-ish attacks in the summer of 2016 raises the spectre of a type of political violence resembling the anarchist violence, or the "first war on terror". <CN> Muslims criticize violence and terrorism as well. They even became victims of ISIS after they denounced ISIS for its violent actions.
<HS> Will Ramadan stop Muslims from terrorism and raping children? Likely it won't. <knowl> The evidence that first or second generation Muslims from unstable parts of the globe constitute a present danger to Western societies is overwhelming. The competing accounts werementioned Thursday when Eddie Colon, 49, was arraigned for rape, assault and a slew of other charges in Brooklyn Criminal Court. The evidence that first or second generation Muslims constitute a veritable fifth column and pose an existential threat to Western civilization and Western people is overwhelming. The trial follows the passage of new terrorism laws in Hungary this summer. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University. <CN> There's the same proportion of criminals among muslims as it is among western people. You cannot say that Muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
<HS> We never see them protesting against ISIS or the Saudi human rights abuses, etc.? Because they are a bunch of hypocrites. <knowl> But in the home stretch of his final term, egregious human rights abuses persist. Human Rights Watch and the United Nations have called on ISIS to release the girls, citing human rights abuses. the militias remain a deeply controversial force; human-rights groups have documented brutal human-rights abuses, apparently motivated by sectarianism. Whilst the group is fighting the terrorist cell also opposed by coalition forces, Al-Hashd al-Shaabi has a track record of human rights abuses documented by human rights groups. US support for Israel always irked the Saudis, whilst Saudi human rights abuses and treatment of women was always an embarrassment for Washington. <CN> Because the act of one person or group is not reflective of an entire faith.
<HS> We never see them protesting against ISIS or the Saudi human rights abuses, etc.? Because they are a bunch of hypocrites. <knowl> The prime minister is not thought to have raised reports of Turkish human rights abuses at the dinner, particularly growing concerns about freedom of expression and the suppression of anti-government protests. Iranian-backed Shiite militias, accused of human rights abuses after earlier battles, and Kurdish forces will be kept on the outskirts of the city. Human Rights Watch and the United Nations have called on ISIS to release the girls, citing human rights abuses. Also Thursday, the United Nations condemned the "staggering array" of gross human rights abuses in Iraq: targeted killings of civilians, rape and physical violence against women, forced recruitment of children and wanton destruction are among the many violations. the militias remain a deeply controversial force; human-rights groups have documented brutal human-rights abuses, apparently motivated by sectarianism. <CN> There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
<HS> We never see them protesting against ISIS or the Saudi human rights abuses, etc.? Because they are a bunch of hypocrites. <knowl> But in the home stretch of his final term, egregious human rights abuses persist. Human Rights Watch and the United Nations have called on ISIS to release the girls, citing human rights abuses. US support for Israel always irked the Saudis, whilst Saudi human rights abuses and treatment of women was always an embarrassment for Washington. Iranian-backed Shiite militias, accused of human rights abuses after earlier battles, and Kurdish forces will be kept on the outskirts of the city. US bilateral relations have been complicated by concern over human rights abuses by Nigerian security forces. <CN> A simple google search of this will illustrate otherwise (provide evidence).
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> Homegrown terrorism costs al-Qaida nothing, and it garners the same amount of public attention as "real" terrorism. In some, the suspects praised jihad and suicide bombings, and spoke of killing non-Muslims. TERROR, NOT HATE IN QUEENSWhen is murder simply murder and when is murder an act of terrorism? Over all, less than 5 percent of gun homicides between 2001 and 2010 were committed by people with diagnoses of mental illness, according to a public health study published this year. Speaking to host Jeanine Pirro, Emerson began detailing how parts of Britain have been completely taken over by Muslims. <CN> Terrorism and targeting the general public with bombs, assault rifles or any other means is horrific, there is no excuse but lets be clear when a white man does it its called mental illness regardless of what groups he belongs to; when a black man does it its called terrorism.
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> Where ever the number of muslims have grown to a significant minority, problems for the non-muslims have multiplied. I think a large number of Muslims like bin Laden's message," said Bassiouni. Why are the existing laws of the muslim countries so hateful towards the non-muslims? Passengers were ordered off the vehicle and the travellers separated by the gunmen into Muslims and non-Muslims. You were part way through the construction of several pipe bombs, Justice Lasry said. <CN> And pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, terror in all its forms must be defeated. No use just blaming Muslims.
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> Where ever the number of muslims have grown to a significant minority, problems for the non-muslims have multiplied. Why are the existing laws of the muslim countries so hateful towards the non-muslims? How many non-Muslims were killed by muslims for merely being non-muslims in muslim countries? All of humanity, whether Muslim or non-Muslim, is threatened by the forces of Islamist extremism. Passengers were ordered off the vehicle and the travellers separated by the gunmen into Muslims and non-Muslims. <CN> Actually, in 2015 13,286 people were killed in the US by firearms and 26,819 were injured. Tell me does that count as terrorism or it is only that when Muslims do it?
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> Murder is terrorism when a Muslim kills non-Muslims, but it's just hate-fueled homicide when Muslims and even perceived Muslims are targeted and killed by non-Muslims. Emerson's group reviewed about half of the 22 videos posted on the U.S. channel. TERROR, NOT HATE IN QUEENSWhen is murder simply murder and when is murder an act of terrorism? A statement from the prime minister's office noted that there had been a rise in the threat level of attacks in Turkey in the past two months, with the number of suicide bombings carried out by the Kurdish PKK and Islamic State on the rise. Speaking to host Jeanine Pirro, Emerson began detailing how parts of Britain have been completely taken over by Muslims. <CN> Terrorists come in all religions and political views. People opposing Trump were sent letter bombs, the 'Troubles' saw Christian terrorists on both sides of the border. Let's challenge all terrorism.
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> Hamas has been responsible for the largest number of suicide bombings since the Palestinian uprising began in 2000. The attack came just four weeks after a number of suicide bombings were foiled in Indonesia's second largest city Surabaya. Afghan security forces have reduced the number of suicide bombings in Kabul and elsewhere in recent months but have been facing continuing threats from insurgents. However, the most recent numbers from the Bureau of Labor Statistics don't support the statement. In much of Africa, as in developing countries elsewhere, accurate statistics on poverty are difficult to collect. <CN> [fact check and post link to accurate statistics, statistic is likely false or extremely skewed][add meme] smh trying to post statistics when they're not even accurate.
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> Hamas has been responsible for the largest number of suicide bombings since the Palestinian uprising began in 2000. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. During the Westgate attack, some of the victims were killed after the gunmen weeded out non-Muslims for execution by demanding they recite the Shahada, the Muslim profession of faith. The vast majority of Egyptians are Muslims, but Coptic Christians have held varying degrees of political and economic power over the centuries. "ABC News received hundreds of viewer-submitted questions about Muslims and their faith, and posed them to a group of Muslim and non-Muslim scholars of the Koran, who tackled the most common ones. <CN> The vast majority of Global Terrorism is about politics and land not faith. One fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> A lot has been written about your admiration of Robert De Niro. Movies debuted these solo posters of Robert De Niro and Ben Stiller. Headshot portrait of American actor Robert De Niro with shaggy hair, smiling. Robert De Niro attends the opening of Nobu's new restaurant in Doha, Qatar. Now that you've fulfilled a dream of starring with Robert De Niro, what haven't you done that you dream of?Oh, so much. <CN> Pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, including Robert De Niro, this scapegoating of Muslims is the real problem and blinds us to the bigger picture.
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> It also ignores the fact that the number of attacks committed by Muslims in Western societies is quite low. Similar warnings about multiculturalism have been sounded by Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and by President Nicolas Sarkozy of France. Are you the same type of Muslim that goes around apologizing for every violent act committed by any Muslim throughout history? The blast appeared timed to coincide with the last day of a visit by Mr. Xi to the tense region, where he pushed for the integration of the Uighur ethnic minority into the wider Chinese society while vowing to combat violent acts by separatists. Terrorism is as abhorrent to most Muslims as it is for most of us. <CN> So when a white person kills someone, they're called a murderer. When a minority does it they're labelled a terrorist. We need to combat violent acts in all their forms. If we focus on just one group then we are blind to the rest of the problem. [picture of iceberg].
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> The attack came just four weeks after a number of suicide bombings were foiled in Indonesia's second largest city Surabaya. Afghan security forces have reduced the number of suicide bombings in Kabul and elsewhere in recent months but have been facing continuing threats from insurgents. Hamas has been responsible for the largest number of suicide bombings since the Palestinian uprising began in 2000. Where ever the number of muslims have grown to a significant minority, problems for the non-muslims have multiplied. Practically, in every country, the foot prints of muslim terrorists are their. <CN> Actually, the FBI considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be from far-right extremist groups.
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> Hamas has been responsible for the largest number of suicide bombings since the Palestinian uprising began in 2000. Where ever the number of muslims have grown to a significant minority, problems for the non-muslims have multiplied. The attack came just four weeks after a number of suicide bombings were foiled in Indonesia's second largest city Surabaya. Why are the existing laws of the muslim countries so hateful towards the non-muslims? Afghan security forces have reduced the number of suicide bombings in Kabul and elsewhere in recent months but have been facing continuing threats from insurgents. <CN> Seriously, I would love to know where you get your statistics from. They are so far from the truth.
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> You didn't care enough about the job to run a quick Google search? Hamas has been responsible for the largest number of suicide bombings since the Palestinian uprising began in 2000. Where ever the number of muslims have grown to a significant minority, problems for the non-muslims have multiplied. Everyone else on the list, it seemed, you could identify by a quick Google search, if you hadn't heard of them. <CN> 1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> Immigrants with mental health issues are not committing mass shootings in malls and movie theaters. We try to assess those who are more likely to be lone wolves and carry out mass shootings. The Columbine massacre still stands out as one of the worst mass shootings in US history, both in scale and character. laws?A number of measures at the state level deal with mental health. A survey for Gallup that was carried out two days after the Washington shooting revealed that 48% of Americans blame the mental health system "a great deal" for mass shootings in the US, a figure unchanged from January 2011. <CN> Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> The attack came just four weeks after a number of suicide bombings were foiled in Indonesia's second largest city Surabaya. Nusra has claimed responsibility for a number of suicide bombings and is the group of choice for the foreign jihadis pouring into Syria. Afghan security forces have reduced the number of suicide bombings in Kabul and elsewhere in recent months but have been facing continuing threats from insurgents. From the Adida et al. paper:Evidence about the assimilation patterns of Muslim immigrants in Western countries is mixed. A statement from the prime minister's office noted that there had been a rise in the threat level of attacks in Turkey in the past two months, with the number of suicide bombings carried out by the Kurdish PKK and Islamic State on the rise. <CN> Could you send me a link to which study you are quoting? Call me sceptical.
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> Where ever the number of muslims have grown to a significant minority, problems for the non-muslims have multiplied. The attack came just four weeks after a number of suicide bombings were foiled in Indonesia's second largest city Surabaya. I think a large number of Muslims like bin Laden's message," said Bassiouni. Why are the existing laws of the muslim countries so hateful towards the non-muslims? All of humanity, whether Muslim or non-Muslim, is threatened by the forces of Islamist extremism. <CN> Source please? Also, even if true how is this representative of all islam?
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> While Poles usually see themselves as victims of their Nazi and Soviet occupations, there are lingering questions about involvement in Holocaust-era atrocities. Holocaust was a fact of life, something they talked about, but not something they wallowed in," Mr. Rosensaft said. Freedom From Religion Foundation ignores the fact that the Jewish people were specifically targeted by the Nazis for extermination in the Holocaust. Indeed, a large number of those reports appeared in The Times. Then, for decades, little happened as German prosecutors insisted that evidence had to tie those accused of war crimes directly to Holocaust atrocities. <CN> Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
<HS> Since 2000, the number of suicide bombings by Muslims = 5284; by non-Muslims = 0. One of the fact about Global Terrorism no one wants to deal with. <knowl> Residents have begun calling a main road the Valley of Death because of the number of suicide bombings there. The group has previously claimed responsibility for a number of suicide bombings in Damascus and the northern city of Aleppo. The attack came just four weeks after a number of suicide bombings were foiled in Indonesia's second largest city Surabaya. Pakistan has suffered an unprecedented number of suicide attacks this year by militants with ties to the Taliban and Al Qaeda. Practically, in every country, the foot prints of muslim terrorists are their. <CN> Your statistics are not right, where did you get them? Why skew the stats to focus on Muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
<HS> Jihadi Bride wants to return to the UK now that Isis is defeated. She gave up all rights when she joined the terrorists. Let her rot in a camp in Raqqa!! <knowl> This ISIS picture shows Abdelhamid Abaaoud, right, and two ISIS recruits. THE father of jihadi bride Sally Jones' son has spoken of his disgust at seeing the lad apparently slaughtering a man in an ISIS propaganda video. We don't have any second class citizens in this country, he said. Castro's Cuba is another Communist country with an appalling human rights record. "Look, as president my first responsibility is always the security and prosperity of the United States, and as citizens we all rightly put our country first," he said. <CN> This isn't really about the class as such, more about a country's responsibilities for its citizens, surely, including not just leaving another country to sort out the mess caused by our rogue citizens.
<HS> Jihadi Bride wants to return to the UK now that Isis is defeated. She gave up all rights when she joined the terrorists. Let her rot in a camp in Raqqa!! <knowl> THE father of jihadi bride Sally Jones' son has spoken of his disgust at seeing the lad apparently slaughtering a man in an ISIS propaganda video. However, ISIS's foreign recruits usually live near the death cult's main base in Mosul. Many others in the Debaka Camp, outside Irbil, were equally unwilling to open up about life under ISIS. The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said ISIS group took control of large parts of the camp. Before becoming a Jihadi bride, El Abidine left Britain to attend the University of Medical Sciences and Technology in Khartoum. <CN> I guess the right to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut both ways?
<HS> You might say, Don't worry, only 5-10% of Muslims are extremists. Remember, in 1940 only 7% of Germans were Nazi's. <knowl> They have these little snipes that are directed against the Germans with the Nazi things. Germans believe that banning Nazi symbols will help prevent violent, racist dogma from taking hold again. Germans are now openly discussing the failure to integrate Muslims, a problem that has been largely ignored for decades. For example, the word race is taboo in the German language because of the way Nazi propaganda manipulated the term. <CN> You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
<HS> You might say, Don't worry, only 5-10% of Muslims are extremists. Remember, in 1940 only 7% of Germans were Nazi's. <knowl> I am a Muslim for peace, I exist and my voice deserves a platform. All of humanity, whether Muslim or non-Muslim, is threatened by the forces of Islamist extremism. Muslim groups say they have long warned Britain's police of increasing hostility from far-right groups. The government of Uzbekistan takes a similar approach, and has imprisoned thousands of Muslims for participating in illegal groups. How far can the majority of Muslims be brought into the fight against extremism as allies, not as suspects? <CN> So more than 95% are fighting extremism and spreading peace and tolerance, there are extremists in every group.
<HS> You might say, Don't worry, only 5-10% of Muslims are extremists. Remember, in 1940 only 7% of Germans were Nazi's. <knowl> Germans are now openly discussing the failure to integrate Muslims, a problem that has been largely ignored for decades. Still, organizers of the show agonized over possible repercussions: inciting neo-Nazi extremists and infuriating the rest of the world. One critic sensed an attempt to continue the self-deceiving lie that the average German was a victim of Nazi rule. Indeed, Kathrin Oertel — one of the former heads of PEGIDA — recently apologized to German Muslims for causing a "campaign of hatred. <CN> Is this where you got your facts, do read the rest of the article? Https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
<HS> You might say, Don't worry, only 5-10% of Muslims are extremists. Remember, in 1940 only 7% of Germans were Nazi's. <knowl> Germans are now openly discussing the failure to integrate Muslims, a problem that has been largely ignored for decades. Society thinks the Germans and the Nazis are bad people when really we're not, he told the Daily News. Indeed, Kathrin Oertel — one of the former heads of PEGIDA — recently apologized to German Muslims for causing a "campaign of hatred. Paradoxically, this seems to have freed young Germans — adolescent ones, anyway — to talk more openly and in new ways about Nazis and the Holocaust. <CN> Actually the facts say it is just 0.01% of Muslims who might be extremists. So stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
<HS> There was another terrorist attack in France by a crazy Muslim person. His mental problem is actually called Islam! <knowl> We condemn such an attack, maybe a terrorist attack, but such an attack in France again, he said. "We condemn such an attack, maybe a terrorist attack, but such an attack in France again," he said. In Iran, the ministry of foreign affairs strongly condemned the criminal terrorist attack. Gunmen killed at least 12 people in the paper's offices before fleeing the scene in France's deadliest terrorist attack in recent memory. In December, Donald Trump called for a total and complete shutdown of the country's borders to Muslims in the wake of the San Bernardino terrorist attack. <CN> I agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other Muslim people!
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> Not to say that non-Muslim whites never get tagged as terrorists. Must coverage of law-abiding Muslims be balanced by a discussion of Muslim terrorists?Ah, balance — who can be against that? And he also wants people to remember how he died: "Murdered by Muslim terrorists. The venom on the airwaves, equating Muslims with terrorists, should embarrass us more than you. Another listed "towels for hats" for why "Muslim terrorists are so quick to commit suicide." <CN> Are you sure it is not just that Muslim terrorists get a lot of biased media coverage?
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> There should be a lot of systems beyond databases, Trump said. It is one of the biggest threats that our nation faces, Collins says. But if terrorists cannot be accurately identified, this is a waste of time. "The fastest growing group of all is those with no religion," Roozen said. "The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam," he said. <CN> I do not see a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even though it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Today even the most brazen of terrorists generally shun the label. That plays into the hands of terrorists," a department official said. Major Hasan, by the standard definition, would qualify as a terrorist. <CN> And your evidence is. Or does your logic stop there.
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. But Pakistan might well grant the terrorists a Muslim burial, Indians would become furious, and foreign relations between the countries would further deteriorate. Which makes a lot of sense in a country that is primarily Lutheran. Just 3% of those agencies viewed the threat from Muslim extremists as severe. For instance, 171 of the 188 terrorism cases studied involved no actual attacks. <CN> So do all those Western bombings and invasions of Muslim countries not count as terrorism?
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> 3. Did it involve an organized group (not a lone wolf)? There remains a real threat, especially from lone wolf attacks, as the cachet of the Islamic State inspires Muslims around the world. The war on terrorism — especially on lone-wolf terrorism — requires new countermeasures. Not to say that non-Muslim whites never get tagged as terrorists. The focus should be on high-risk communities, both Muslim and non-Muslim. <CN> Only because when a non-muslim commits a terrorist act it is not called terrorism. Instead they're a 'lone wolf' with a 'traumatic past'.
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> After the 7/7 terrorist murders, the Home Office commissioned reports from Muslim working parties. How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. <CN> Well the Home Office would say differently, but if it helps your cause.
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. I mean they're all terrorists right and a Muslim why is it offensive to other Muslims. By the way, those terrorists that flew planes into the WTC and Pentagon, they were muslims, period. Orlando, more Americans had been killed since Sept. 11 by white-nationalist terrorists in the U.S. than by Muslims. The terrorists lined up hostages, separated Muslims from Christians and others, then tested the self-proclaimed Muslims on their knowledge of... <CN> Continuity Army? Ulster Freedom Fighters? Even the Basque Freedom Fighters? Those Muslims get everywhere!
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> Why don't Muslims denounce terrorism?Just to be clear: American Muslims and U.S. Muslim organizations have unequivocally denounced terror attacks. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Terrorism is just terrorism, and it should not be linked with anything else. For instance, 171 of the 188 terrorism cases studied involved no actual attacks. Terrorism is as abhorrent to most Muslims as it is for most of us. <CN> This is demonstrably false. Radical Christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. Terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> Placards read, bottom left, "Terrorism a threat to humanity", bottom right, "Terrorism should end". Terrorism suspects have been picked up at random and denied legal rights. Terrorism is just terrorism, and it should not be linked with anything else. There is no meaningful risk of Christians committing acts of terror, Cruz said earlier this week. I mean they're all terrorists right and a Muslim why is it offensive to other Muslims. <CN> Accept far right terrorism is increasing while overall terrorism acts are going down. Https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968.
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. Bear in mind that the term "terrorist" is legally significant, too. Not to say that non-Muslim whites never get tagged as terrorists. <CN> Apart from all those who use violence/terrorism who are not Muslim?
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> The venom on the airwaves, equating Muslims with terrorists, should embarrass us more than you. Americans were among the victims of both attacks as the terrorists do not differentiate between us and our close allies. The de Blasio administration is trying to avoid the ideological foundation of the war radical Islamic terrorists are waging against us. Homeland Security and F.B.I. put us under surveillance, asking people, 'Where are the terrorists?' one interviewee, a Salafi who professed nonviolence, told us. Hillary Clinton refused to declare war on ISIS Sunday, defending her position that followers of the terrorist organization should not be called radical Islamic terrorists. <CN> What about recent school and mall shootings all over the US? Those were White Christian terrorists.
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. Bear in mind that the term "terrorist" is legally significant, too. Not to say that non-Muslim whites never get tagged as terrorists. <CN> If we end up with a hard border I hope we do not find out.
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> Must coverage of law-abiding Muslims be balanced by a discussion of Muslim terrorists?Ah, balance — who can be against that? Justice William Martini found that the motive of the [surveillance] program was not solely to discriminate against Muslims, but rather to find Muslim terrorists hiding among among ordinary, law-abiding Muslims. In O'Reilly's case, clearly he should have said "extremist Muslims" or "Muslim terrorists," not simply Muslims, as he subsequently clarified. She divides the Muslim world into two groups: Mecca Muslims and Medina Muslims. According to the FBI, the majority of domestic terrorist attacks are actually committed by white, male Christians. . . . <CN> There are a lot of non-Muslim terrorists but the media focuses on Muslim terrorists and does not call the non-Muslim ones terrorists. When was the last time you saw a white non-muslim school shooter in the US branded a 'terrorist'?
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> Wade michael page , a military vet, believe to be a white supremacist never happen. According to some reports, Wade Michael Page had recently broken up with his girlfriend. According to the FBI, the majority of domestic terrorist attacks are actually committed by white, male Christians. . . . Though Wade Michael Page, an apparent white supremacist, committed this massacre, each of us is responsible for what happens next. The terrorists lined up hostages, separated Muslims from Christians and others, then tested the self-proclaimed Muslims on their knowledge of... <CN> Jeremy Joseph Christian, James Field Jr, James Harris Jackson, Wade Michael Page, need I go on?
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> Of the 54 non-jihadist terrorists indicted between 2010 and 2012, 47 were right-wing extremists. Clements was the latest victim of increasingly active violent right-wing extremists. You don't understand this if you don't understand the culture of right-wing extremists. Page is not, of course, the only right-wing extremist to have used lethal violence to achieve political ends. Page is not, of course, the only right wing extremist to have used lethal violence to achieve political ends. <CN> Studies in the US show the majority of terrorist incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not Muslims. Be critical of what you read, the news is very biased.
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> Only the muslim terrorist is capable of mass murder of civilian lives. The focus should be on high-risk communities, both Muslim and non-Muslim. Europe's bigger problem is the divide between its Muslim and non-Muslim communities. Then there's the continuing danger from home-grown terrorists, be they self-activated jihadists like Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan or non-Muslim anti-government fanatics. Is there any American Muslim standing up and speaking against the hate for non-Muslims in the Koran? <CN> How about all those non-Muslim school shooters? Is mass murder not terrorism if a non-Muslim does it?
<HS> Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. <knowl> Not to say that non-Muslim whites never get tagged as terrorists. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Well -- it it shouldn't be offensive to Muslims and Muslims and aren't terrorists. The venom on the airwaves, equating Muslims with terrorists, should embarrass us more than you. Some Trump supporters publicly frame the battle against Muslim terrorists through the prism of the Crusades. <CN> This is not true. They are non-Muslim terrorists out there. Have you forgotten?
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> "The provisional results of the investigation indicate that it would be a potential terrorist attack," the statement said. Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information regarding a potential terrorist threat and took action to ensure public safety. That doesn't count Abdulmutallab, who was the subject of warnings to the CIA that he was a potential terrorist. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police released a statement, saying: Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information of a potential terrorist threat. <CN> Everyone is a potential everything, what would you like to be?
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> They have very similar world views in believing that radical Islam is the largest problem that America faces, and that every Muslim is a potential terrorist. "The provisional results of the investigation indicate that it would be a potential terrorist attack," the statement said. The report notes the symbolism associated with the somber anniversary as a motivating factor for a potential terrorist attack. Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information regarding a potential terrorist threat and took action to ensure public safety. <CN> I think becoming a terrorist takes a very narrow minded person with a very closed world view, ah err sorry.
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> Immediately after the terrorist attacks, Muslims began to feel the heat. Britain, Canada and Australia have also recently issued warnings and called for added vigilance in the face of potential terrorist attacks. Terrorist attacks carry the risk of a copycat effect, Mr. Roy said. The Foreign Office said stadiums, fan zones, venues broadcasting the tournament and transport hubs and links represent potential targets for terrorist attacks. It was just six weeks after the November Mumbai terrorist attacks and Indian Muslims were being viewed with suspicion across the country. <CN> Many Muslims died in terrorist attacks such as 9/11 in the US and 7/7 in the UK.
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> adds, "Next thing there's a terrorist attack and the public erupts in anti-Muslim rage. After the March terrorist attack in Brussels, Trump said that European Muslims want to go by sharia law. "The provisional results of the investigation indicate that it would be a potential terrorist attack," the statement said. The report notes the symbolism associated with the somber anniversary as a motivating factor for a potential terrorist attack. The DHS intelligence notification distributed Monday also warns authorities of the potential for domestic terrorist attacks aimed at Muslims or those perceived to be Muslims around the 9/11 anniversary. <CN> No, Muslims are actually more likely to be the victim of a terrorist attack, especially those living in the Middle-East.
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> "The provisional results of the investigation indicate that it would be a potential terrorist attack," the statement said. The report notes the symbolism associated with the somber anniversary as a motivating factor for a potential terrorist attack. Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information regarding a potential terrorist threat and took action to ensure public safety. All this recent media attention in regard to potential terrorist training camps and things that are going on there. <CN> Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> The Lebanese-British human rights lawyer's mother Bariaa Alamuddin is a Sunni Muslim, while her father is Druze. We need to make sure the approaches taken in rooting out potential terrorist threats don't create more problems than they solve, Obama said. After 9/11, the Americans threw enormous resources of manpower, money and computer time into the global war on terrorism, which was also about tracking the potential terrorist at home, in a country with a tiny and mostly well-integrated Muslim population. They have very similar world views in believing that radical Islam is the largest problem that America faces, and that every Muslim is a potential terrorist. At the very least, his case shows the quandary facing the authorities as they work to head off another terrorist attack, but risk further alienating France's Muslims. <CN> And views like that, that lumps all Muslims together, pretends they are less than human pushes them a tiny bit closer.
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> Alexander did not go into detail about what terrorist attacks were thwarted or when. The special measures have helped stop 17 potential terrorist attacks this year in France, he said. The State Department on Sunday warned of potential terrorist attacks in Europe, saying: "Current information suggests that al-Qaida and affiliated organizations continue to plan terrorist attacks. Large sporting events, potential targets for terrorists, as the attacks in Paris in November showed, are still hugely popular. "Britain has suffered terrorist attacks before, terrorist attacks from the IRA, terrorist attacks from Islamic extremists," Cameron said Wednesday. <CN> Every Muslim also has the potential to fight back against terrorism, show support to it is victims, and make the world a better place. (insert news articles about Muslims against terrorism, helping after terrorist attacks, etc.)
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> "The provisional results of the investigation indicate that it would be a potential terrorist attack," the statement said. Everyone was very interested in how to throw punches - that's another stereotype about Muslim women broken, Hussain said. Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information regarding a potential terrorist threat and took action to ensure public safety. That doesn't count Abdulmutallab, who was the subject of warnings to the CIA that he was a potential terrorist. <CN> I think this is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-Muslims as well?
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> THE fight against terrorism is more decentralized in the United States. Of those, just 28 were related to terrorism, with the vast majority — 23 — for the crime of apologizing for terrorism, or praising terrorism. He said that his organization, American Muslims for Trump, had 500 members. Hate speech, legal authorities agree, involves words directed against a category of persons. Hate crimes are not happening on a massive scale, but they are increasing against Muslims. <CN> Every Islamophobic person has the potential to use that intent for terrorism or violence against Muslims. Terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> "The provisional results of the investigation indicate that it would be a potential terrorist attack," the statement said. The report notes the symbolism associated with the somber anniversary as a motivating factor for a potential terrorist attack. Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information regarding a potential terrorist threat and took action to ensure public safety. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police released a statement, saying: Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information of a potential terrorist threat. <CN> How can you say a person is a potential terrorist?
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information regarding a potential terrorist threat and took action to ensure public safety. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police released a statement, saying: Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information of a potential terrorist threat. According to the poll, 65 percent of those interviewed said it was more important to investigate potential terrorist threats "even if it intrudes on privacy." <CN> You could say that about any person, Muslim or not. According to the government, far right extremism is a bigger terrorist threat than Muslims. Does that make you a potential terrorist?
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> "The provisional results of the investigation indicate that it would be a potential terrorist attack," the statement said. Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information regarding a potential terrorist threat and took action to ensure public safety. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police released a statement, saying: Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information of a potential terrorist threat. Canadian police said they received information of a potential terrorist act earlier on Wednesday and launched the operation to capture Driver. Britain, Canada and Australia have also recently issued warnings and called for added vigilance in the face of potential terrorist attacks. <CN> But not the ones that fought and died for Britain in both wars and all wars after.
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information regarding a potential terrorist threat and took action to ensure public safety. This image alone shows a staggering 442 homes apparently destroyed; an entire community. And footage shows that most people stood up for him and condemned the abusive actions of his friend. "The provisional results of the investigation indicate that it would be a potential terrorist attack," the statement said. <CN> Why would you stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few?
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> "The provisional results of the investigation indicate that it would be a potential terrorist attack," the statement said. Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information regarding a potential terrorist threat and took action to ensure public safety. The Royal Canadian Mounted Police released a statement, saying: Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information of a potential terrorist threat. <CN> Any individual may become a terrorist. Religious beliefs do not play part in this.
<HS> Every Muslim is a potential terrorist. <knowl> Still, he said, it is helpful for doctors to know something about Muslim traditions. Certainly it would be outrageous to believe/imply that all Muslim soldiers are potential terrorists/mass murderers. "The provisional results of the investigation indicate that it would be a potential terrorist attack," the statement said. Earlier today, the RCMP received credible information regarding a potential terrorist threat and took action to ensure public safety. It helps a terrorist organisation that's on a murderous rampage killing Muslim and non-Muslim people in their way. <CN> Every Muslim is also a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. What is your point?
<HS> To the minister: start counteracting terror and crisis caused by Islam! Stop burying your heads in sand. <knowl> In a show of strategic mastery, the Golden Dawn has crystallized the frustrations of Greek society today. She is a political scientist, specializing in contemporary Islamic societies and Islam in Europe and in the United States. The In Amenas attack underscores the importance of viewing Saharan terrorism as part of a broader, region-wide political development. In the Eighties and Nineties, Europe experienced many acts of terror attacks at the hands of the IRA and other groups. The faith of terror is not the true faith of Islam. <CN> Can you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? I do not see it in our society.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> This time, as part of a Rights Not Games week of action, we're fighting to exhaustion for the independent living of disabled people. Theresa May is plainly not a beacon of optimism for disabled people. "David Kato's death is a tragic loss to the human rights community. These multiple, merciless attacks on us have resulted in the UK being the only country investigated by the UN for violations into disabled people's human rights. More than 300 people held a vigil at the American embassy in the Netherlands , accusing the U.S. government of failing to protect their citizens ' human rights . <CN> Violating of rights for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native Western people are also held accountable for it. Oppressing rights is not the feature of Islam but of our society in general.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> Ever since, she's traveled the world telling her story of love, hope and forgiveness. Christianity teaches love, mercy, and forgiveness for those who do bad things, true enough. That's the chance he takes, but he earns no points from me because of it. Here's an idea that will play well with your liberal buddies: the Sacrament of Abortion. "Although the concept of forgiveness is fabulous it is not the reason to become a Christian. <CN> I think you'd be surprised at the number of similarities Islam shares with Christianity. It teaches love and forgiveness, not oppression.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> Lord knows the District government is competent in all its other endeavors. What's immoral here is the church's arrogant bigotry and club-wielding threats. Nothing Francis said in this or other interviews indicate any change in church teaching. Many will just walk away, others will just wait out the church's crisis. it's against Church teachings, but they do it anyway because it's the law. <CN> Sounds more like the Catholic church to me #pope#childabuse #InquiryCSA.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> "The bill recognizes that the vast majority of those who sell sexual services do not do so by choice. While Indonesia has the largest Muslim population in the world, the vast majority practice a moderate form of the faith. According to the poll, conducted in 2005, a strong majority of Muslim women believe they should have the right to vote without influence, work outside the home and serve in the highest levels of government. Seventy-eight percent of Moroccan women, 71 percent of Lebanese women and 48 percent of Saudi women polled linked legal equality with the West. When asked what they resented most about their own societies, a majority of Muslim women polled said that a lack of unity among Muslim nations, violent extremism, and political and economic corruption were their main concerns. <CN> The opposite of oppression is choice the vast majority of Muslim women in Britain have choice.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> Even in societies with freewheeling, tolerant urban cultures, homosexuals can be harassed to the point of seeking refuge abroad. They are led by the union's largest new member, Poland, which is now run by a right-wing nationalist government that seems intent on violating the rights of minority groups, beginning with an attack on gays. It proposes that homosexuals should be legally able to marry one another. It's an 'inborn problem'Museveni had commissioned a group of Ugandan government scientists to study whether homosexuality is "learned," concluding that it is a matter of choice. It is more like a zero-sum game, in which new rights for any group favoured by the currently prevailing doctrines deny existing rights to unfashionable (often called -phobic) groups who think differently. <CN> How exactly is the government submitting to this? I do not see Muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems Muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> Government spending on faith-based charities, government enforcement of christian moral laws and worse christian moral penalties ... In other words, it does not make sense that Christian evangelicals would be a party to murdering the gays. In other words, while I and almost half of America do consider Mormons to be Christians, the rest do not. government engaging in prayer and forcing others to do it ... Sneakiness, deception, conversion, undermining other cultures, etc... is offensive and nonspiritual. <CN> We could easily substitute the word 'Christians' for the word 'Muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundamentalism' as any particular faith.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> This found " serious lapses in compliance " by the Mexican government and tolerance of severe and systematic abuses of women 's rights . Unlike Anthony 's relatively narrow focus on suffrage , Stanton wanted to push for a broader platform of women 's rights in general . In his speech Saturday, Mr. Correa said the case was an example of U.S. "double standards. Stanton went on to write some of the most influential books , documents , and speeches of the women 's rights movement . Unlike many of those involved in the women 's rights movement , Stanton addressed various issues pertaining to women beyond voting rights . <CN> If we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to LGBT and Women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> What's good for the city as a whole is good for the gay community. In his CNN interview with Piers Morgan, Mr. Ahmadinejad rejected the suggestion that some people are born homosexuals and said the West's permissive attitude toward gay rights was insensitive to other cultures. However, Jasser believes while Trump's rhetoric can be troubling at times, the real cause for worry is actually media bias — and the failure to fairly cover all aspects of the Muslim community. They are well-integrated and make a positive contribution to British society, particularly to health, education, and government services. Since President-elect Donald Trump's victory, people have taken to social media with concerns and fears about the incoming administration. <CN> [link to Raheem Stirling article or other biased media example] Media bias against the Muslim community has been going on for years, do not be fooled by it any more.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> Even in societies with freewheeling, tolerant urban cultures, homosexuals can be harassed to the point of seeking refuge abroad. Although the sodomy laws were rarely enforced directly, they justified many other forms of discrimination and oppression. Internet access to North Korea's 24 million people is extremely limited, mainly to government and military officials. Beyond Africa, a handful of Muslim countries, like Iran and Yemen, also have the death penalty for homosexuals. Without doubt, across many parts of the troubled Muslim world, religious reforms are needed as much as political and socio-economic ones. <CN> Is there any evidence of muslim immigrants oppressing anyone? I would like to see the official statistics for it, in particular for our country (not muslim world in general).
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> "David Kato's death is a tragic loss to the human rights community. Our society is homophobic, and that does not change outside of Syria's borders." Uganda's new-anti-gay law punishes gay sex with up to life in jail. For more than two years, leaders of this state's churches, governments and schools have erected barrier after barrier against what many view as a cultural invasion that offends cherished values. It doesn't help that today's countering violent extremism programs almost exclusively target Muslim communities, a myopic focus that fans Islamophobia and stigmatizes American Muslims.[It's hard to prove any hate crime. <CN> Unfortunately, hate can be found in all walks of life. It is no more prevalent in Muslim communities.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> The argument pits respect for core Western principles against tolerance for other cultures and religions. Lewis thinks that's because Muslim-focused fashions can serve other cultures as well, as part of an emerging modesty movement. We don't want to offend other cultures, they quoted her as explaining. Travelers home for the holidays don't have to stop exploring other cultures. The other question is whether these Muslim-oriented collections will reach Western stores. <CN> How exactly are Muslims oppressing other cultures? Do you think maybe spreading the opinion that all Muslims are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> It's no coincidence that almost no liberal democracy allows polygamy, Rauch wrote. The Boy Scouts are right to worry about this subset given the organization's decreasing cultural relevance as evidenced by decades of declining membership. The preferred broadcasting outlet of Poland's government is Radio Maryja, a Catholic radio station with millions of listeners that is openly nationalist, anti-Semitic and anti-foreigner. He and Mattachine Society of Washington co-founder Jack Nichols were passionate about the damage done by the American Psychiatric Association's classification of homosexuality as a mental illness. We will never know and should, as a society, never repeat that mistake. <CN> If we excluded everyone who had prejudice, who would be left?
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> Being true to one's self meant rejecting middle-class culture in order to do your own thing. TIME Ideas hosts the world's leading voices, providing commentary and expertise on the most compelling events in news, society, and culture. "Hong Kong says it's a world city, but [it] has protocols in place that show it is still a backward country in regard to homosexuals' rights." JAKARTA, Indonesia—A sudden backlash against homosexuals here is testing Indonesia's reputation as a conservative but tolerant society in a region where same-sex rights are generally growing. Even in societies with freewheeling, tolerant urban cultures, homosexuals can be harassed to the point of seeking refuge abroad. <CN> Actually women and homosexuals have not receive the right treatment in many places for a very long time, not just in Muslim culture. Plus, the society has not changed too much. The most important thing is how we can make the society and the world a better place, not just excluding others.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> "On a positive note, the report said Congo's government took "unprecedented steps" including prosecuting high-ranking officers for sexual violence and paying reparations to survivors. It's gone, says Emmanuel Baabo, in charge of Heal's sexual violence project. It's critical that the government tackles this issue with the same gusto at home as it's doing abroad and protects the survivors of sexual violence. Various thinkers have expanded on Sontag's analysis of the celebrated awfulness of so-called gay culture. Though "physical violence" could encompass sexual violence, activists say the absence of the word is worrying — and telling. <CN> Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> The argument pits respect for core Western principles against tolerance for other cultures and religions. The response from Miami 's black community was more conflicted . Our society is homophobic, and that does not change outside of Syria's borders." These enterprises can develop their own cultures and communities with relatively little interference from the government. For more than two years, leaders of this state's churches, governments and schools have erected barrier after barrier against what many view as a cultural invasion that offends cherished values. <CN> Surely no one should be oppressed and everyone supported to end oppression within their communities #lovenothate.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> Even in societies with freewheeling, tolerant urban cultures, homosexuals can be harassed to the point of seeking refuge abroad. The government is putting homosexuality on the level of treason," Mugisha said. Government policy on sexual preference discrimination is clear and its application should not depend on the opinions and attitudes of particular community sectors, the department wrote. The agency, they reported, gathers communications intelligence from almost all nations of the world. He said the law allowed for discrimination on the inherent requirements of the job. <CN> Last I checked, the government does not tolerate oppression, ever. Much of the media however, focuses negative coverage on Muslims and other minority communities to try to paint a false image. Don't be fooled by their fake news.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> Answers to other survey questions about homosexuality do show greater acceptance. Hindu-dominated society until some time back, madrassas - identified as Muslims only institutions - carried a stigma. Concerning women's rights in general, most Muslim women polled associated sex equality with the West. "Yet, tomorrow, the U.S. military becomes a tool in reshaping social attitudes regarding human sexuality. They are well-integrated and make a positive contribution to British society, particularly to health, education, and government services. <CN> Actually, this survey of Muslim's social attitudes says otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> The argument pits respect for core Western principles against tolerance for other cultures and religions. In the name of promoting society-wide tolerance of homosexuals, we must not tolerate the expression of any criticisms of homosexuality, the anti-Holyfield lobby says. Another great British tradition is respect for other cultures and religions; for centuries we have been doing this far better than many countries in the world. Interestingly, the versions we eat are nearly all inspired by other cultures. In, Ethan Watters explores how other cultures confront mental illness, and argues that the spread of American culture poses a threat to our understanding of the human psyche. <CN> Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> One officer 's eye was cut , and a few others were bruised from being struck by flying debris . It's odd to use a history of oppression and marginalization to argue for further oppression and marginalization. Even in societies with freewheeling, tolerant urban cultures, homosexuals can be harassed to the point of seeking refuge abroad. Previous organizations such as the Mattachine Society , the Daughters of Bilitis , and various homophile groups had masked their purpose by deliberately choosing obscure names . The burden of proof, in other words, should be carried by those who oppose legal and moral equality for homosexuals, not those who favor it. <CN> Our society does not tolerate oppression of these groups by Muslims any more than it tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> But actually, it's the rest of the year that's really important to these consumers and young Muslim women. Lewis thinks that's because Muslim-focused fashions can serve other cultures as well, as part of an emerging modesty movement. Many commenters are critical of American Muslims; many others sympathetic and supportive. The study's first error consists of comparing violence against women in general with femicide. The argument pits respect for core Western principles against tolerance for other cultures and religions. <CN> I can feel you. However, the majority of Muslims are not against women or other cultures. They are like us who want to be treated equally and they have the right as human. Keeping Muslims away is not helpful either. Instead, we could think of ways to increase the disparity.
<HS> Liberal double standards! Muslims oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures but are not held responsible due to our society's tolerance! The government should stop submitting to these people. <knowl> Clinton has called for a more inclusive environment within American society and for a joint effort between the U.S. government and Muslim countries to battle the spread of Islamist militancy. even if Ravi's conviction is deemed a crime of moral turpitude, another limitation in the INA may save Ravi from removal from the country. It's outrageously and immoral to use execution to enforce cultural norms. He called for the removal of Islam as Bangladesh's state religion. There's no reason to assume that any religion's scripture is authoritative. <CN> Why do you say that they are never taken responsibility? Crimes are punished regardless of religion in our country. If a Muslim person kills or oppresses someone, they will be prosecuted and punished.
<HS> Those White women converting to Islam are the saddest, self-loathers you will ever meet. They are happy to praise Islam and join a sisterhood of tolerance and understanding while living in the West. Try living in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, or Sudan. <knowl> Culture of tolerance: There is a culture of tolerance by silence for fundamentalist views in Islam. A number of different schools of thought exist within Sunni Islam, mostly with different views on interpreting Islamic law. It needs to be more openly confronted by the rest of Saudi society and its brutal version of Islam totally discredited. A commitment to ijtihad, which is the struggle to reach new understandings of Islam through reflection on its scriptures, is what made Islam an expansive faith that supported scientific research and intellectual curiosity. Sufism, a branch of Islam that emphasizes the spiritual and mystical elements of the faith, has links to both Sunni and Shiite communities. <CN> With all the anti Islamic rhetoric floating around, do you think they have chosen that faith because it's easy?
<HS> Those White women converting to Islam are the saddest, self-loathers you will ever meet. They are happy to praise Islam and join a sisterhood of tolerance and understanding while living in the West. Try living in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, or Sudan. <knowl> Women's Rights - The percentage of Saudi Arabia's population that is female is one of the lowest in the world. To be blunt, Saudi Arabia legitimizes Islamic extremism and intolerance around the world. They are purveyors of radical Islam throughout the region and throughout the world. And the scholarship of the Islamic State legal thinkers is not technically excellent, measured by the standards of Islamic legal academies around the world. None of those views make bin Laden particularly unusual in parts of the Arab world. <CN> One could say the same about White men slamming Islam and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. Try living in the real world.
<HS> Those White women converting to Islam are the saddest, self-loathers you will ever meet. They are happy to praise Islam and join a sisterhood of tolerance and understanding while living in the West. Try living in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, or Sudan. <knowl> It is happening in different ways in different countries for different reasons. The rise of the Islamic State has once again turned the spotlight on Saudi Arabia, which is accused of supplying the theological foundation of the movement's brutal ideology, as well as many of its fighters and funders. When the Saud family established the modern country of Saudi Arabia in the 1930s, the Wahhabi interpretation of Islam become the country's official state-sponsored religion. The issue is they supported thinkers who promote violence and jihad in the name of protecting Islam, Fatos Makolli, head of Kosovo's counterterrorism police, told her. Many youths express a desire for less enforcement of religion and greater interest in Islam's diversity. <CN> Methodist, Lutheran, Jehovah's Witness, Catholic, Protestant, there are different types of Christianity and different countries interpret it different ways why do you think Islam would be different?
<HS> Those White women converting to Islam are the saddest, self-loathers you will ever meet. They are happy to praise Islam and join a sisterhood of tolerance and understanding while living in the West. Try living in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, or Sudan. <knowl> Houthis follow a branch of Shia Islam called Zaidism, while Saudi Arabia is a predominantly Sunni Islam nation. For centuries, the Muslim majority has followed the liberal Hanafi version of Islam, which is accepting of others. One of the five pillars of Islam is performing Hajj, by traveling to Mecca, Saudi Arabia, at least once. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers are from Saudi Arabia.2003 - Saudi Arabia opposes the U.S. invasion of Iraq. Women's Rights - The percentage of Saudi Arabia's population that is female is one of the lowest in the world. <CN> I would not call it sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
<HS> Those White women converting to Islam are the saddest, self-loathers you will ever meet. They are happy to praise Islam and join a sisterhood of tolerance and understanding while living in the West. Try living in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, or Sudan. <knowl> Culture of tolerance: There is a culture of tolerance by silence for fundamentalist views in Islam. Women's Rights - The percentage of Saudi Arabia's population that is female is one of the lowest in the world. It needs to be more openly confronted by the rest of Saudi society and its brutal version of Islam totally discredited. They are purveyors of radical Islam throughout the region and throughout the world. The peace of the region and the image of Islam await his action. <CN> Islam is that same sisterhood of tolerance and understanding across the world.
<HS> Those White women converting to Islam are the saddest, self-loathers you will ever meet. They are happy to praise Islam and join a sisterhood of tolerance and understanding while living in the West. Try living in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, or Sudan. <knowl> Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. Besides, Saudi Arabia is one country out of 57 Muslim nations. "The signs of change for Saudi women are yet to come. In many Muslim-majority countries, women are extraordinarily active and involved in education. Are Iranian women an inspiration to women from other Muslim-majority countries?Yes. <CN> Muslim women face discrimination and prejudice because of their religion in the West which isn't present in Muslim majority countries.
<HS> Those White women converting to Islam are the saddest, self-loathers you will ever meet. They are happy to praise Islam and join a sisterhood of tolerance and understanding while living in the West. Try living in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, or Sudan. <knowl> Culture of tolerance: There is a culture of tolerance by silence for fundamentalist views in Islam. Some polls have found a majority of Saudi women not in favor of allowing Saudi women to drive. Women driving isn't illegal in Saudi Arabia, but women cannot get licenses. Saudi Arabia's strict interpretation of Islam prohibits unrelated men and women from mingling. Because of these factors, international bodies consistently rank Saudi Arabia low on matters of gender equality. <CN> Maybe that 'sisterhood of tolerance and understanding' is challenging sexism everywhere including those men who feel they can tell women what they should believe in and how to live their lives.
<HS> Those White women converting to Islam are the saddest, self-loathers you will ever meet. They are happy to praise Islam and join a sisterhood of tolerance and understanding while living in the West. Try living in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, or Sudan. <knowl> The rise of the Islamic State has led to remarkable growth in Western criticism of Saudi Arabia. Houthis follow a branch of Shia Islam called Zaidism, while Saudi Arabia is a predominantly Sunni Islam nation. One of the five pillars of Islam is performing Hajj, by traveling to Mecca, Saudi Arabia, at least once. Fifteen of the 19 hijackers are from Saudi Arabia.2003 - Saudi Arabia opposes the U.S. invasion of Iraq. Under the guardianship system, women in Saudi Arabia are prohibited from driving. <CN> So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
<HS> Those White women converting to Islam are the saddest, self-loathers you will ever meet. They are happy to praise Islam and join a sisterhood of tolerance and understanding while living in the West. Try living in Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, or Sudan. <knowl> They are purveyors of radical Islam throughout the region and throughout the world. Abdullah espoused a message of religious tolerance, despite the strictures of Saudi Wahhabism, said Robertson. However, thousands of brave Muslim women are fighting to reassert their role in the Muslim world. Culture of tolerance: There is a culture of tolerance by silence for fundamentalist views in Islam. Then the epoch of Islamic ferment through which we've been living will gradually come to an end. <CN> Surely tolerance and understanding should exist across the world in all communities?
<HS> We cannot trust the Muslims, they are all swindlers. <knowl> It is time to undo this conflation of religion and politics. He could give us a variant of his "axis of evil" speech. This is an issue of religious fanaticism and not the IQ of people. So watching when they made fun of other religions/politics...etc was OK. "The fastest growing group of all is those with no religion," Roozen said. <CN> The essentialization of people because of their religion, it is a reprehensible hate speech.
<HS> We cannot trust the Muslims, they are all swindlers. <knowl> Her reaction to losing almost $300,000 to the swindler: I blame myself. The subcommittee is exploring proposals to expand state jurisdiction to crack down on swindlers. The lure of romance swindlers can be hard to resist, said Ms. Brown, in Vermont. She's going with a different goal in mind — to change the perception of Muslim women. A fashion designer, a public relations adviser and a composer all work toward the same goal. <CN> Is your goal to break national harmony? You will not succeed.
<HS> We cannot trust the Muslims, they are all swindlers. <knowl> Let's look at the dictionary definition of "lie:" a false statement made with deliberate intent to deceive. A judge sentenced Mr. Simpson to probation in 2011 on a single count of making a false statement. Matthews was sentenced in November to six months in jail for making a deliberately false statement to police. In some cases (see Paul, Ron), some of these statements, no matter how wacky, come from deeply-held beliefs. But prosecutors later focused on 17 minutes out of all those hours of conversation, and particularly two statements by Mr. Simpson. <CN> With such a false statement, it is sure that we cannot trust your judgement! This way of essentialisation will not convince anyone.
<HS> We cannot trust the Muslims, they are all swindlers. <knowl> What is needed first is an honest dialogue between Muslims and Muslims. In the case of "The Jewel of Medina," most Muslims actually responded to the novel with restraint. it's always dangerous to refer to any group in the monolith, as Rehman did referring to "Muslim readers." Muslims see Christians as tolerant, honest and respectful of women; Christians say Muslims are honest, devout and respectful of women. In O'Reilly's case, clearly he should have said "extremist Muslims" or "Muslim terrorists," not simply Muslims, as he subsequently clarified. <CN> Muslims are just like other human groups, honest in most cases.
<HS> We cannot trust the Muslims, they are all swindlers. <knowl> People are not too happy about this year's Nobel Prize winners. No women were awarded a Nobel Prize in any category this year. China remains angry that jailed dissident Liu Xiaobo won the Nobel Peace Prize. The actual Nobel Prize website is located at a different url, www.nobelprize.org. China's political comfort level has been rocked by a dissident's Nobel Prize win. <CN> Such reflection deserves the Nobel Prize! Seriously, you put in grave danger your intellectual credibility.
<HS> We cannot trust the Muslims, they are all swindlers. <knowl> Our leaders need to stand up for the freedom of expression. The NYPD spying program comes on the heels of a nationwide maelstrom against Islam. Philosophically - no because Islam, Muhammad and the Quran do not allow freedom of religion and expression. After all, since the political right's onslaught against Islam manifests itself mostly through an aggressive form of secularism, they are collateral victims as well. Alongside Erdoğan, the pope called for more religious tolerance and the right to freedom of expression. <CN> This claim is a scam against freedom of expression, and punishable by law. This, in addition, is completely false since the fraud in any form is banned by Islam.
<HS> Muslims prevent people from eating during Ramadan. <knowl> When I was growing up, you had to explain to people why you weren't eating. Usually, people will not eat as much meat overall when they practice this kosher separation, he said. During the month-long period known as Ramadan, Muslims refrain from eating or drinking during daylight hours. "The eating disorder charity Beat says people have reported difficulties to them during Ramadan and other religious occasions. "Instead of fasting, people can pay Fidyah where they pay over the month for a poor person to eat. <CN> You are free to eat in front of me, it does not bother me.
<HS> Muslims prevent people from eating during Ramadan. <knowl> When I was growing up, you had to explain to people why you weren't eating. Usually, people will not eat as much meat overall when they practice this kosher separation, he said. During the month-long period known as Ramadan, Muslims refrain from eating or drinking during daylight hours. It is coming to the end of Ramadan, when Muslims fast between dawn and sunset for a month. "The eating disorder charity Beat says people have reported difficulties to them during Ramadan and other religious occasions. <CN> A Muslim who did this did not understand his religion.
<HS> Muslims prevent people from eating during Ramadan. <knowl> She told the BBC that she had been contacted by people with concerns during Ramadan."Fasting is a vital part of eating disorders, and there is added social pressure because people come together to eat in the evenings," she says. Many people decide to fast, many people decide not to fast. "People with eating disorders fall into the category of people that are unwell so are exempt from fasting, [so] it sometimes helps people to seek religious guidance. When I was growing up, you had to explain to people why you weren't eating. Ramadan, Islam's holiest holiday, requires Muslims to abstain from eating or drinking during daylight hours. <CN> There is a religious reason behind this. Besides, doctors prevent people who are going to have surgery from eating too.
<HS> The veil is contrary to secularism. <knowl> He replied that it seems evident to me that secularism in itself is not in contradiction with faith. Many of the event's participants wrote about the secular movement's history and goals for On Faith this week. Secularism's origins are in the Enlightenment; its dominant conviction is that Reason rather than Faith should reign in the public sphere. However, ordinary citizens are allowed to wear the headscarf in public. Secularism, it shouldn't need emphasizing, is not the same as atheism. <CN> On the contrary, secularism allows every citizen to freely profess his faith.
<HS> The veil is contrary to secularism. <knowl> France enforces a strict form of secularism, aimed at keeping religion out of public life. According to its mayor, burkinis are both not respectful of good morals and secularism and a dangerous symbol of Islamic extremism. It is being implemented in the context of his party's fierce defense of French-style secularism against the encroachments of Islam. French courts have since overruled a number of the burkini bans. What is this?Turkey is groping toward a new understanding of itself. <CN> It seems that you don't know the definition of laicity.
<HS> The veil is contrary to secularism. <knowl> Title VII of the Civil Rights Act prohibits discrimination on the basis of religion. European Union law prohibits direct discrimination on the basis of religion, as well as indirect religious discrimination, which means the adoption of apparently neutral rules that actually affect people differently on the basis of religion. The defendant cited the right to private and family life as well as freedoms of thought, conscience and religion. Kokott analyzed the case by first determining that the company's no-symbols rule wasn't direct discrimination, because it doesn't treat individuals differently on the basis of religion -- all are equally covered. "We must be uncompromising on the rules of secularism in higher education. <CN> The goal is freedom of conscience, the purpose is non-discrimination on the basis of religion.
<HS> The veil is contrary to secularism. <knowl> So goes the struggle to define Iraq's emergent democracy and whether it can balance religion and secularism. Singapore 's secularism is similar to France 's secularism in that both models seek to " protect the state from religion " . In being secular , the Government of Singapore does not reject religion . Every religion has its dignity ... in freedom of expression there are limits. Secularism, states france.fr, France's official information website, is a French invention. <CN> And your statement is completely false. The freedom to express one's religion is guaranteed by secularism.
<HS> The veil is contrary to secularism. <knowl> France enforces a strict form of secularism, aimed at keeping religion out of public life. the coalition formed by the secular political parties and the army, long considered the guarantor of secularism. However, ordinary citizens are allowed to wear the headscarf in public. "We must be uncompromising on the rules of secularism in higher education. Speaking before the pope at the Élysée Palace, Mr. Sarkozy renewed his appeal for a positive secularism, saying it was legitimate for democracy and respectful of secularism to have a dialogue with religions. <CN> There is a confusion. Secularism means that the state does not have an official religion, but citizens have the choice of religion and to manifest it; the state is the guarantor of these liberties. So wearing the veil is a freedom fully guaranteed by law.
<HS> The veil is contrary to secularism. <knowl> NO VEIL HERE Late-night restaurants and bars revived as restrictions on freedoms relaxed. "The law on the full-face veil only bans covering the face in public... A 2011 French law bans people from wearing Islamic face-covering veils anywhere in public. Pierre S.Translation: Secularism has become a weapon for discrimination against Muslims in France, especially those who wear the veil. "France has some of the strictest laws in Europe on the wearing of Islamic veils and other garb in public. <CN> The constitution and the laws guarantee the freedom to manifest one's own religion and therefore the use of the veil.
<HS> The veil is contrary to secularism. <knowl> So goes the struggle to define Iraq's emergent democracy and whether it can balance religion and secularism. Pierre S.Translation: Secularism has become a weapon for discrimination against Muslims in France, especially those who wear the veil. Secularism, states france.fr, France's official information website, is a French invention. NO VEIL HERE Late-night restaurants and bars revived as restrictions on freedoms relaxed. "The law on the full-face veil only bans covering the face in public... <CN> Review your law lessons! Secularism guarantees the freedom to express one's religion to everyone and therefore the use of the veil.
<HS> The veil is contrary to secularism. <knowl> In 2004, headscarves and other religious symbols such as visible crosses and turbans were banned from state schools. Pierre S.Translation: Secularism has become a weapon for discrimination against Muslims in France, especially those who wear the veil. In 2004 it banned girls from wearing headscarves in state schools, along with other religious symbols such as crosses or turbans. A spokeswoman confirmed to NBC that the ordinance applies to burkinis but the mayor told local media that other religious symbols, including the kippah (Jewish skullcap) and the cross, would still be permitted. Ostensibly, this was because the scarves were visible religious symbols and thus ran afoul of the French rule of laïcité, or secularism. <CN> Like the use of all the other religious symbols (cross or kippah for example), the use of the veil is guaranteed by secularism.
<HS> Islam hates Christians and Jews. <knowl> It is a myth that the religion of Islam is a compassionately, passive, tolerant religion. Those people clearly believe that Islam is a religion of violence. The ignorance of most Non Islamic Believers about Islam is unbelievable. It is between reasonable, rational mainstream Islam and extremist fascist Islam. Gosh, could it be that fundamentalist Christians dislike ALL other religions? <CN> False, Islam is a religion that accepts all religions and respects them.
<HS> Islam hates Christians and Jews. <knowl> Islam is a very dangerous political movement with religious clothingBut the Christian "Religious Right" is not political? Don't people have a human right to follow their conscience and worship as they think they should? There's no such thing a "moderate Islamic countries" when all unanimously reject the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and support The Cairo Declaration of Human Rights in Islam. <CN> Islam establishes the human right to equity, to justice, even if it is an enemy or a non-believer according to this verse : « and if you judge between people, judge fairly, even if it is during war. And that the hatred you have towards people does not push you to be unfair ».
<HS> Islam hates Christians and Jews. <knowl> I have read several books on islam and am informed that jihad is a basic tenet of islam. While it is true that some have done evil in the name of Islam, that is not truly Islam. As far as using the term "Religion" in relation to Islam (Islamic Believers completely subjugated to Islam are Muslims). Christians and Jews are permitted very few of the rights and freedoms that the Muslim majority is allowed, he said. <CN> Muslims have ruled over the Arab lands during the last 14 centuries. Yet today, the statistics tell us that 14 million Arabs are Coptic Christians (for generations), witnesses that Islam has not been answered by the sword. The Muslims ruled India for about a millennium. Today, more than 80% of Indians are not Muslims, witness that Islam was not imposed by the sword. The most populated areas Muslims are the east coast of Africa, Indonesia and Malaysia, while no Muslim military force has gone into these areas, which were conquered only by the intellectual sword.
<HS> Islam hates Christians and Jews. <knowl> Christians in Europe and North America tend to be much more highly educated than those in sub-Saharan Africa. Nowhere in the world is bigotry so rampant as in Muslim countries. The mention of Christians attacking Muslims or Jews attacking Muslims is Huckabee blasphemy. As the Islamic empire expanded, Jews and Christians were granted legal status in Muslim communities as protected subjects, known as dhimmis. <CN> Many times in history, Muslims have welcomed Jews persecuted by Christians in Europe.
<HS> Islam is the religion of obscurantism. <knowl> This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. Sharia law has been a part of islam since the beginning. It is difficult to find a specific idea rooted in the Christian historical background of blasphemy in the history of Islam. This new attention to religion is, at its base, predominantly about Islam. Their understanding of Islam comes from what they are taught by others. <CN> No, Islam is a religion with a history like any other. Thank you.
<HS> Islam is the religion of obscurantism. <knowl> Elizabeth Shakman Hurd is an associate professor of politics at Northwestern University. Under Islam, education is the passing on of the rules of submission to the will of Allah. Religion occupies different spaces under modern regimes of governance, some of which are often described as secular. Everyone seems to be measuring, analyzing and alternately promoting and constraining religion in all manner of forms. Because there are so many vegetables out there it is hard to have a universal rule for doneness. <CN> Personal judgement that you wish to erect as a universal rule.
<HS> Islam is the religion of obscurantism. <knowl> Atheism is an effect of that knowledge, not a lack of knowledge. Religion occupies different spaces under modern regimes of governance, some of which are often described as secular. True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion. <CN> Your lack of knowledge and culture forces me to invite you to a tea to convey some elements of my religion.
<HS> Islam is the religion of obscurantism. <knowl> His rigorous and rational defenses of Islam unsettled conventional Muslim thinking. The founder of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community emphatically declared that an aggressive jihad by the sword has no place in Islam. As a student of history, I also know civilization's debt to Islam. In that spirit, and under the leadership of His Holiness the Khalifa of Islam, Mirza Masroor Ahmad, the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community has launched a campaign to combat terrorism called True Islam and the Extremists. We can echo the testimonies of former extremists who know how terrorists betray Islam. <CN> In every community, there are always extremists, but it is not exclusive to Islam, and this is contrary to its message.
<HS> Islam is the religion of obscurantism. <knowl> Article 15 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore guarantees freedom of religion in Singapore . Islam is a religion and we have freedom of religion in this country. The situation in Singapore may be contrasted with the application of a proportionality analysis in other jurisdictions vis - à - vis the constitutional protection of freedom of religion . HYPOCRITES, ALL OF THEM.This country was built on freedom of religion. The basic values of religious freedom are provided to every citizen of our country. <CN> Check your sources! Islam supports freedom of religion as in the Koran 'no bond in religion'. It supports the values of solidarity and peace. It has been a source of light for humanity with many discoveries.
<HS> Islam is the religion of obscurantism. <knowl> Albert reports that a small number of Jews escaped because they agreed to be baptized because of fear, rather than because of love of the Christian faith. Jerry Brotton, a professor of Renaissance studies at Queen Mary University of London, is the author of the forthcoming The Sultan and the Queen: The Untold Story of Elizabeth and Islam. The Bible calls on the Christian to submit to the total change of his life by the Spirit of God -- NO area of life and thought is the choice of the follower. And so, Obama's drawing parallels between today's acts of violence in the name of Islam and acts of violence through history in the name of Christ omits a key nuance. Instead of spreading the Quran's message of peace, they are spreading their own message of hatred — just as Jones has twisted the Bible's teachings of peace into a message of hatred. <CN> Evidence? There are none. Islam was rather a source of light for the rebirth of Europe, as evidenced by all the works. Islam has never practiced the Inquisition as demonstrated by the intelligent coexistence of religions in Muslim Spain.
<HS> Islam is the religion of obscurantism. <knowl> "There are, of course any number of exceptions to the prototypical middle-class terrorist. Now she's known for being one of a growing number of educated middle class female converts to Islam in Britain. The carnage in Paris last Friday reminded us all of the evil of Islamic extremism. The bullying often works to silence critics of Islamic extremism. ... This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. <CN> Really? How do you explain that the prophet says that all extremism is not part of Islam? Islam is a religion of the middle class and a light for humanity.
<HS> Islam is the religion of obscurantism. <knowl> Many of the manuscripts show that Islam is a religion of tolerance, he told me. ISIS is a product of decades of failed governance in the Arab world and Pakistan and centuries of a calcification of Arab Islam. A womans lack of social equality and freedom is a direct consequence of the teachings of Islam. This is the triumph of mosque over modernity, not of the rule of law, but of its supersession. It is the exact opposite of obscurantism, which destroys principles and values of Islam through violence and hate.... <CN> Islam is a religion of tolerance and light. The contribution of Muslim scholars to the well-being of humanity is known. Any obscurantism has nothing to do with this current.
<HS> Muslims force their child to fast during Ramadan. <knowl> Ramadan evenings are often festive, with visits among relatives and friends. Even many secular Muslims fast or pursue good works throughout Ramadan. Many Muslim communities also hold Ramadan fund-raising drives for charitable causes. About half of all gifts to Human Appeal are made during Ramadan. There's a lot in the Islamic tradition that people in this country . . . <CN> On the contrary, young people like to fast like everyone else.
<HS> Muslims force their child to fast during Ramadan. <knowl> These are people who sacrificed their own child, their own blood. Ramadan had already sent all his family possessions to South Bend. Ramadan evenings are often festive, with visits among relatives and friends. Even many secular Muslims fast or pursue good works throughout Ramadan. Two media-driven controversies helped to make Ramadan both famous and notorious. <CN> This is wrong, they do it for themselves because they know the benefit of it.
<HS> Muslims force their child to fast during Ramadan. <knowl> Ramadan had already sent all his family possessions to South Bend. Ramadan evenings are often festive, with visits among relatives and friends. Pretty soon the elderly will face the same fate, Ramadan continued. Even many secular Muslims fast or pursue good works throughout Ramadan. [during Ramadan], as do certain special sweets eaten during the Eid festivals. <CN> We educate our children to fast gradually but never force.
<HS> Muslims prevent girls from wearing skirts. <knowl> I think the argument of the author should be placed to muslim men. His crime: being accused of having a relationship with a married Pakistani Muslim woman. Shelina Janmohamed is the author of Love in a Headscarf - Muslim Woman Seeks the One. And we saw plenty of Muslim women and men throughout the televised coverage of the convention. They feel as the author's do, that this form of 'modesty' allows them freedom in other ways. <CN> The Muslim woman's clothing must be ample, just as it is a sign of modesty for men!
<HS> Muslims prevent girls from wearing skirts. <knowl> I see girls and young women wanting to be fashionable but also wanting to be modest. Although more than 50 girls escaped their captors and are now safe, at least 276 remain missing. One woman wearing a red Make America Great Again hat comforted the girls, whose faces were streaked with tears. I went home and went looking for something that might be better for her to wear, sportswear for Muslim girls, and I couldn't find anything, I knew there was nothing in Australia. U.S. Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel cautioned that it is "going to be very difficult" to find the missing girls. <CN> Remaining modest prevents girls from finding themselves in uncomfortable situations.
<HS> Muslims prevent girls from wearing skirts. <knowl> "The girls-- who are British nationals of Bangladeshi descent-- were all wearing Western clothes at the airport. Shamima was wearing black glasses and a hijab, Kadiza was also wearing glasses and a grey striped scarf, and the unidentified girl was wearing glasses and a black head scarf. Wearing a jilbab should be voluntary, said Ms. Retno, who wears one. It is less common for men to make a statement with a scarf. Greek Finance Minister Yanis Varoufakis has been criticized for wearing an expensive Burberry scarf. <CN> I wear the scarf while wearing mini skirts. I am much more serene and less the prey of men! Now I walk quietly without making him whistle as if I were a doggie!
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> But discussion of the veil rarely places emphasis on the characters and emotions of the women who actually wear them. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... âWhat about Afghanistan, we fought a war there to free women!" Whereas women seeking revenge or perpetrating violence is seen as wrong. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> Don't be mad, but I think that women do not dress to cause any particular emotion in you.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Police are appealing for witnesses to the 10am attack to come forward. Chadian police said they would arrest anyone who wore a full face veil after the attack. During this, the woman's husband attacked and apparently tried to strangle the officer, according to Versailles prosecutor Vincent Lesclous. Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. <CN> Why don't you try to wear it, just to see if it really attacks you.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> A full head-and-body cloak made of a single piece of fabric. The design is like a bench with a single piece of fabric stretched across three seats. Of her work, El-Tantawy says Veils are beautiful and elegant—Colorful, vibrant, sheer fabrics that are all about femininity and beauty. In May, terrorists used car bombs to attack an open-air market in Urumqi, the capital of Xinjiang, leaving 39 dead and 94 injured. Originally uncovered by Unwired View, the patent shows a small, square piece of fabric that could be attached to your fingernail, abdominal area, or forearm. <CN> Oh, but do you know that it is only a piece of fabric?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> This attack created shockwaves in the ruling circles around the world. They issued a number of statements condemning the attack on Malala. Militants professing loyalty to the Islamic State were behind each attack. Iran: Women must wear loose-fitting clothing and have their heads covered. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. <CN> It is you, who attack me, my veil stays on my head and does not do anything.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Of course, the veil of opulence is not limited to tax policy. Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. "There is historical Islamophobic line of thought about women in veils," she said. <CN> This is not its goal. My veil is a piece of clothing that is part of me.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Police are appealing for witnesses to the 10am attack to come forward. Chadian police said they would arrest anyone who wore a full face veil after the attack. During this, the woman's husband attacked and apparently tried to strangle the officer, according to Versailles prosecutor Vincent Lesclous. Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. <CN> This is the way you see it, in any case, it isn't its purpose. I freely wear it, religiously, for myself.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> "The League of Human Rights (LDH) said it would challenge the ban in court. I will appeal to the European Court of Human Rights," she told AP Television News. This debate raised three specific concerns that deserve a fair analysis:Human dignity and fundamental rights. "Islam has always been seen as incompatible with human rights, equality, democracy and modernity," Cesari says. Those who try to portray France as violating those fundamental human rights forget that France respects all beliefs and guarantees the freedom of conscience and the free exercise of religion. <CN> #islamophobia. The freedom to wear the veil is a fundamental human rights. It does not interfere with your freedom.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> It had been sparked by an incident on Thursday when an officer stopped a woman wearing a veil. Survivors of the Westgate Mall in Nairobi said a white woman wearing a veil was among the hostage-takers. Thus, to me, forcing women to wear the veil is also wrong. Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." He argued he was being discriminated against because a woman wearing a veil to cover her face HAD been allowed in. <CN> I want to assure you nothing in the constitution obliges you to look at a woman wearing a veil.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Humans are fundamentally different from computers—we're wired to comprehend shapes, patterns and colors. The turbans come in different fabrics, colors, shapes, styles and sizes. "I sent them all the different shapes and let them pick from two colors," she told Martha Stewart Weddings last month. In another set of experiments, Dr. Siebeck trained damselfish on different color stimuli. Daniel Tammet explains his unique ability to see numbers as shapes and colors. <CN> I saw so many different veils in the shapes and colors, you will surely find one you like.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Four people were convicted Friday of plotting a knife attack that killed 31 people at a railway station in the southwestern Chinese city of Kunming. The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. It tells you more about the people who are raising the issue. Saturday's was the fifth suicide attack to hit Cameroon in two weeks. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. <CN> A simple fabric causes this to you? Don't worry, there are people underneath.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> A full head-and-body cloak made of a single piece of fabric. The design is like a bench with a single piece of fabric stretched across three seats. Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." Originally uncovered by Unwired View, the patent shows a small, square piece of fabric that could be attached to your fingernail, abdominal area, or forearm. Vibrations could be customized depending on the person calling or type of message you're receiving. <CN> How a piece of fabric can be an assault on someone?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> At work, it is impossible for me to wear my veil. Âlâ is a monthly publication aimed at women who wear a veil. To me, wearing the veil does not mean being enslaved by a man. It was unclear whether the women were also fined for wearing a veil. Authorities estimate at most 2,000 women in France wear the outlawed veils. <CN> Wearing a veil, and therefore expressing one's religious opinion is one of the fundamental freedoms of the individual. Each of us expresses his or her individuality. The wearing of the veil, in the same way, is the expression of an individuality.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Our debate is not about a type of attire or the Islamic head scarf that covers the hair and forehead. We noticed that almost all of them wore jilbab as uniform, Ms. Supolo said, referring to what Indonesians call the Islamic head scarf. The suspected attackerÂ said theÂ shootings were in retaliation for a recent ruling against a teacher who wore an Islamic-style head scarf. Authenticity is about more than a layer of cloth on one's head. A full head-and-body cloak made of a single piece of fabric. <CN> A scarf is a piece of fabric that covers the head, not harmful, not explosive.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> people shout, as you waddle off to make another interminable cup of tea for them. It features animated stick figures and uses a cup of tea as an analogy for sex. Can I get you a cup of tea?The nana will walk slowly to the kitchen. And now onto everything else I meant to do today, after that first cup of tea. It's simple proof that the offer of a cup of tea can make anyone at ease. <CN> Come on, I'll invite you for a cup of tea.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. before his arrest on the first anniversary of the terror attack. This one belonged to an unidentified local media outlet, police said. The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. Police complained that the law will be a challenge to enforce. <CN> Oh, yeah? Forgive me, but how did he attack you? I'm going to hand him over to the police and I'll take TELINDUS with you against him!
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Women on both sides of the divide wrote with passion about how the decision was a matter of personal choice. Once you immigrate to a country it becomes yours; whether or not you become a Westernized person is a matter of personal choice. What is important is that the veil is not imposed, but is a matter of choice. Perhaps the most insulting subtext of all is that Muslim women are infants, to be patronised into the 'right' choices. Instead, women who wear the banned face coverings now do so as an act of personal rebellion against the French state, she says. <CN> It is a matter of personal choice. It is not important who wears it.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Besides, even the UKs Secretary of Health admitted that he didnt know of any niqab-wearing doctors. And this is even before we even know how many women are actually forced to wear it. Or if another 9/11 befalls us at the hands of a terrorist praying "Allahu Akbar"?I don't know. While the attack may evoke comparisons to earlier tragedies in New York, London, or Madrid, France's relationship with its Muslim citizens is particular — and particularly fraught. To the Muslim women youve seen and heard in the news, this feels like an attack on our status as women who want to be Muslim, veil wearers or not. <CN> Not at all, it is about knowing how to live and respect each religion.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> This type of attack on Islamic State miltants is a growing problem for the terror thugs. Chadian police said they would arrest anyone who wore a full face veil after the attack. "Extremist groups have already used France's ban of full-face veils as justification for attacks. During this, the woman's husband attacked and apparently tried to strangle the officer, according to Versailles prosecutor Vincent Lesclous. Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. <CN> You do not have to validate my outfit as I do not have to validate yours.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The University of North Carolina has been infected with a micro-aggression pandemic. The suspected chemical weapons attacks took place Aug. 21 in suburbs east and west of Damascus. "For me, wearing the veil is an act of aggression; I felt attacked as a woman," she said. A vet of 15 years' experience described him as one of the most aggressive dogs that she had ever encountered. He adds that the analysis "contains numerous flaws," which he says result in "overestimating the influence" of violent games on aggression. <CN> And the veil of Christian sister is not an aggression to you?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. This type of attack on Islamic State miltants is a growing problem for the terror thugs. Chadian police said they would arrest anyone who wore a full face veil after the attack. France is on high alert following a series of incidents including July's truck attack in nearby Nice. <CN> And if you got to know me, maybe I'd be less aggressive.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> In doing so, he is giving voice to humanity's desire for peace. The many civilian casualties in Gaza cannot be waved away as the human shields of Hamas. This slogan also has a long history of deployment in crusades to ensure that human cultures remain primitive. Also Sunday, Israeli police said officers arrested an Israeli youth who attacked a human rights activist last month. They understood only too well the fragility of the relative peace they now enjoy (in Israel, all peace is relative). <CN> Try to know the person in question, a human being like you who claims nothing and who has no desire to live fully, if existence and in peace.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. ""Any kind of bar on observance of the veil means a lack of freedom and rights of Muslim women," he said in his weekly news briefing. This happened three years ago and he was cleared, Veil said. The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. <CN> My veil is synonymous with freedom, how does it assault you?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." It is seen as an item of clothing, rather than, as many Muslim perceive it, an expression of something deeper. I suspect this woman Lewthwaite is behind this attack, a senior anti-terror source told the Daily Mail of London. The insurgents have abducted thousands of people, including hundreds of women and girls, in the past two years, rights groups say. I come from a tribal family from Pakistan and was brought up to respect the religious wishes and inclinations of all people. <CN> It is just a piece of clothing that cannot attack people.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The question of fairness has widespread application throughout our political discourse. She said there had been several attacks on Muslims in recent days. Update, 2:45 p.m.: Georgetown University officials have released a statement defending law student Sandra Fluke, calling Rush Limbaugh's attacks misogynistic and Fluke a model of civil discourse. The richest Wall Street banker must side with Occupy when the cops attack them. Parents of mixed-race children must side with the KKK when they are attacked. <CN> Should we react to this discourse? Silence is the best answer
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> To many non-Muslims, the veil often connotes repression against women, foreignness, religion, mystery—even sexuality. This is also lacking in some extreme Muslim discourse that refers disgustingly to non-veiled women as raw meat, and fair game. Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... <CN> This veil should be a non-event, why you give him a message? She doesn't wear it whether I believe in God or not.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. Their choice, even if independently made, may not be fully examined. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> My veil is my choice, not yours. If you feel it as an aggression, it is you who has a problem.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The male victims, ages 60 and 35, were attacked by a sloth bear that had been marked for culling because of its aggression. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. The 130kg monster kept breaking off its attack before striking again in a torturous rampage. This type of attack on Islamic State miltants is a growing problem for the terror thugs. They're agile bears that can run faster than a human and will attack if surprised. <CN> If this is an aggression, I advise you to live in a cave because there will always be veiled women.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... They closed it this year, and moved to a neighboring town. The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. <CN> If a veil has this effect on you, how can you stand to walk around town with so much melting pot?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> US President-elect Donald Trump has condemned the attack at a Christmas market in Berlin as "an attack against humanity". He was apprehended following a tribute to maimed victims of the attacked. "The president of the Observatory against Islamophobia, Abdallah Zekri appealed for calm. Asked about that statement by reporters outside his Mar-A-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, on Wednesday, he said, "It's an attack on humanity, and it's gotta be stopped. I think a hat should never be considered just for protection against the elements. <CN> It is similar to saying that your haircut is an attack against humanity.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> I am not responsible for your perception of my veil.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Reports of Virgin Mary statues crying blood or water is not uncommon in Latin America. Eko also buys Virgin Mary statues to hide the heroin within . The parish priest claims to have spoken to the Virgin Mary statue. Lady of the Rockies,' a 90-foot Virgin Mary statue overlooking Butte, Mont., is the country's second-tallest statue. In 2009, two men were charged after the theft and vandalism of a Virgin Mary statue from a city church. <CN> Tell me what is provoking you in my piece of fabric, did you ask yourself the question when you see a nun or the statue of the Virgin Mary?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> If your job is to model your hair at Vidal Sassoon, you probably can't wear a Sikh turban, a hijab, or a yarmulke. The turbans in the photographs made many feel "wary," "nervous," or "cautious. He said the attackers, North African Maghreb men, jumped him around 10 p.m. after he left a restaurant in Rue Manin, and while he made his way to a subway station. People were also receptive to learning about the Sikh turban and what it means. In 2004 France banned pupils in state schools from wearing headscarves, crosses and turbans. <CN> What about the yarmulke or the Sikh turban or the African boubou?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> In a statement, Moxie's says it frequently updates its dress codes "based on team member and guest feedback. A financial organization, where the culture is deeply rooted in the dress code? The event went viral, as did Halket's message of opposing sexist school dress codes. It's hard to say a company should or shouldn't have a dress code because it's so dependent on the leadership, the type of business, whether the company has visitors, what the objective of a dress code is. School dress codes in the newsImage 1 of 13 |School dress codes in the newsSKIMPY CLOTHING. <CN> You have to accept everyone's dress codes, if it is none of your business.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." He was apprehended following a tribute to maimed victims of the attacked. Not everybody wants to show off their body in skimpy, skintight workout clothes. If Muslim women say its a choice to wear it, lets respect them. Her eyes gaze downward in humility , in contrast to her relatively extravagant clothes . <CN> You cannot force others to your own choices, mind your clothes.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. "We live in a common public space, there are rules to follow. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. The law says it is illegal to hide the face in the public space. This type of attack on Islamic State miltants is a growing problem for the terror thugs. <CN> They don't want to see us in the public space anymore.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. This type of attack on Islamic State miltants is a growing problem for the terror thugs. Chadian police said they would arrest anyone who wore a full face veil after the attack. France is on high alert following a series of incidents including July's truck attack in nearby Nice. <CN> I'm sorry, but you have to do some work on yourself.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... âWhat about Afghanistan, we fought a war there to free women!" Women in Iran are traditionally banned from attending many sporting events. Straw has a point," said Dehbourzorgi, who was wearing blue jeans. <CN> Women wear pants if they want to, men wear skirts if they want to. What's the problem?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Militants professing loyalty to the Islamic State were behind each attack. However, Muslim men, both religious and secular, wear modern, western clothing. Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." Iran: Women must wear loose-fitting clothing and have their heads covered. Her live performances, her clothes, her Instagram: it is carefully curated, and highly coherent. <CN> Clothing worn by others may bother you, because you are not used to it, but not to attack you. It doesn't make sense.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." IPod bearing, second-generation techies faced insults in Silicon Valley parking lots; schoolgirls wearing head scarves were attacked; and mosques across the country were vandalized or set ablaze. He was apprehended following a tribute to maimed victims of the attacked. Not everybody wants to show off their body in skimpy, skintight workout clothes. <CN> Don't look at me and I have the right to choose my clothes. I am in a free country.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> At the same time, several Muslim women wearing niqabs have been attacked over the years in alleged hate crimes. Will we choose liberty and brotherhood, or will we choose hate. She said there had been several attacks on Muslims in recent days. Mr. Leedy has owned this 1975 Rolls-Royce Silver Shadow since 2009. So is it reasonable to wonder whether his heart is really in it? <CN> I sense a heart full of hate. You would feel aggrieved by your shadow.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> There is an insensitivity to the values of openness in Government. He had been on the radar of the intelligence services, police said. While intelligence can't be taught, per se, conscientiousness and openness can be learned. Together we will shield Denmark from the kind of attack we saw last night. This is, after all, the land of open data, open source software and public APIs. <CN> This speech might also be perceived as a kind of attack on intelligence and openness.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Theres a good deal of Andy Warhol in his deadpan attack. The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. This type of attack on Islamic State miltants is a growing problem for the terror thugs. The creators of Bieber Bomb already developed Adele Attack, and you can guess how that works. <CN> Let me quote the lyrics from Maître Gims: If it disturbs you, well, it is the same
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Bush quickly assured us that the attacks had nothing to do with religion. What followed was a spate of attacks that Tehran and its jihadist allies spearheaded. Amnesty International has said the law "violates rights to freedom of expression and religion. Pope Francis has also expressed his disapproval of mocking religions, but condemned the brutal attacks. Their backers say that a ban would deny Muslim women freedom of expression and stigmatize them. <CN> How is that my freedom to dress myself as I understand an aggression?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Obama cited the attempted airplane attack by the so-called underwear bomber last Christmas as justification for aggressive security measures. The medical evidence implies that Zimmerman did not physically attack Martin and thus there was no justification for Martin to start hitting Zimmerman. It normalises cruelty, when we should wherever we can be aggressively asserting that in all wars there should be limits to our rage. The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. "We may not yet know the motives for this attack, but I want to be clear: there is no justification for violence against law enforcement," he said. <CN> Your comment, on the other hand, is aggressive because it places your well-being beyond my freedom without any justification.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> September 11, the day of the atrocities, he forgot to do this and therefore thought the World Trade Centre attack was his personal fault. "OCD is a condition where sufferers repeat certain behaviours, such as washing their hands or avoiding cracks in the pavement, over and over again. But on "September 11, the day of the atrocities, he forgot to do this and therefore thought the World Trade Centre attack was his personal fault. The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. <CN> Even if I don't necessarily like certain behaviours, I don't consider it a personal aggression, a little TOLERANCE won't hurt you.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. Gaza militants inspired by the Islamic State group have taken responsibility for recent rocket attacks. Whatever the motive of the attacker, he likely knew that Muslims would be among his victims. <CN> There are so many clothing traditions that if we remove them all, you would be left in an empty world.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> So novel that Cruz and Rubio have started using the tactic, and have released a string of attack ads highlighting things like Trump's past support for abortion. The insides of churches, synagogues or mosques all look very different. Men in the street feel legitimate in yelling things at me. The Broad is more inward-looking and allows for a more contemplative experience. This might have struck young people looking at Santorum's three degrees as ... curious. <CN> Your way of looking at things is the only model to follow, you cannot live in a free and democratic society.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> I understand that I do not represent your feminine ideal, but know that this veil is my pride.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. At work, it is impossible for me to wear my veil. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" <CN> If I were trying to strangle you with my veil, your words would be justified; but now you are really exaggerating a lot.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> "For me, wearing the veil is an act of aggression; I felt attacked as a woman," she said. Americans manifested staggering rudeness and aggression during a public gathering with the local Muslim community on June 4 in Tennessee. The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. The fungus can attack a wide variety of deciduous host trees , including sugar maple , red maple , yellow birch , paper birch , American beech , and white ash . And worse, when a speaker mentioned a 2007 arson attack which burned down a mosque in Columbia, TN, the audience broke into shouts of joy. <CN> How would you feel if I were to say to you that your cap is an aggression against me ?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Others think that their breasts will match up better if both are removed and reconstructed. They are far from perfect, however, and dense breasts may be the X-rays' biggest hurdle. Chadian police said they would arrest anyone who wore a full face veil after the attack. After genetic counseling, Ms. Jolie opted to have both breasts removed and to undergo reconstructive surgery. The condition, which results in the massive enlargement of breast tissue, can occur during puberty or pregnancy. <CN> Maybe you'd rather see me in a miniskirt with my breasts out.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> What I want is freedom of choice, not a meter of cloth! Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." Authenticity is about more than a layer of cloth on one's head. Just as freedom of expression must apply to everyone, including Nazis, or be meaningless, so it applies to "offensive" clothing. It is seen as an item of clothing, rather than, as many Muslim perceive it, an expression of something deeper. <CN> It is a piece of cloth and you feel attacked; you're a little sensitive.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Militants professing loyalty to the Islamic State were behind each attack. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. Whatever the motive of the attacker, he likely knew that Muslims would be among his victims. This type of attack on Islamic State miltants is a growing problem for the terror thugs. Chadian police said they would arrest anyone who wore a full face veil after the attack. <CN> I'm fine in my head and it hurts you in yours, weird no!
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Religious diversity is integral to the fabric of America; religious freedom makes peaceful religious diversity possible. But the niqab and burqa represent a refusal to exist as a person in the eyes of others. Ahmed is direct about how this evolution came about: under attack in the era of after 9/11, "Muslims found themselves an embattled minority needing the support of others," she writes. iReporters said they strongly opposed the French ban, even though they're not Muslim themselves, because of their views on freedom of religion. To pass legislation banning a female garment strips women of more than just clothing: It takes away the individual right to freedom of expression. <CN> The freedom of some ends where the freedom of others begins.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The law imposes a fine of 150 euros ($190) and/or a citizenship course as punishment for wearing a face-covering veil. The comment I linked to, for instance, used the shouting fire analogy to argue in favor of criminal punishment of speech that urges boycotts of Israel:Spreading hatred that incites to violence is not what a free and civil society allows. In comments after his release, televised from outside the jailhouse, the satirist vowed to continue his campaign against the country's colonial-era law on sedition. But under French law, insulting people based on their religion is a crime punishable by a fine of 22,500 euros and six months in jail. [the name of the gunmen brothers behind the Charlie Hebdo attack]. <CN> Your comments are an incitement to hatred, this is punishable by law.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. Days earlier, an Iranian-born gunman had taken 17 people hostage inside the store. Gaza militants inspired by the Islamic State group have taken responsibility for recent rocket attacks. Whatever the motive of the attacker, he likely knew that Muslims would be among his victims. <CN> It is me who is hot inside. Could you at least be understanding.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> But it also includes a clause promising to defend the "principle of secularism. According to the original Reddit post, the gorilla had showed signs of aggression before the attack. "For me, wearing the veil is an act of aggression; I felt attacked as a woman," she said. Branine said he is worried by the lack of reflection among Muslims about the relationship between science and religion. The video sheds light on the behaviours of many different species and individual animals upon being confronted with their own reflections. <CN> Your reflection is an aggression against the principle of secularism.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The outfit was modelled alongside Arab costumes modelled by white men wearing make-up. First, Penelope donned a bridal veil to accessorize her all-gray outfit and striped, colorful socks. Chadian police said they would arrest anyone who wore a full face veil after the attack. "Extremist groups have already used France's ban of full-face veils as justification for attacks. Male costumes included a tunic and headdress set, and shoppers have the option to complete the outfit with a Palestine scarf. <CN> What you don't understand is the meaning of this outfit.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. Their choice, even if independently made, may not be fully examined. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> What is an aggression to you is not the veil but the choice to wear it or not.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The veil of Veronica appears in many paintings, as proof of Christ's true appearance. Police spokesman Paul Manga said the attack justified the ban on full-face veils and said the country must respect the restriction. The attack prompted police to declare that anyone wearing a full-face veil will be arrested on the spot, reported the International Business Times. This happened three years ago and he was cleared, Veil said. The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. <CN> Freedom is frightening. The one who wears the veil is a proof of it.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Try Laura Jayne Bridal Design or Erica Koesler for some retro styles. Some designers that have chic dresses: Siri, Judd Waddell, Sophia Tolli and Liancarlo. I was in Whoopi Goldberg's dressing room picking out new show shoes. Frankly, most women — especially curvy ones — look and feel their best in a dress. To point them in the direction for the most comfortable dresses, try a jersey fabric. <CN> What about other dressing styles that are not common in some cultures?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. They were attacked by security forces, and the protests did not blossom nationally. "The person closest to me had his face covered by a black veil. "We did not expect every single person that witnessed the attack to intervene," he said. It tackles the universality of fairness without getting wrapped up in the particularities of personal interest. <CN> You are the one who lacks tolerance towards a person who does not think like you.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> before his arrest on the first anniversary of the terror attack. The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. He was apprehended following a tribute to maimed victims of the attacked. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. Authenticity is about more than a layer of cloth on one's head. <CN> It is on MY head and it does not bite.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> North Korea has officially denied a hand in the attack but has applauded the attackers, calling their efforts "a righteous deed. The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. Seventy-three people were arrested in connection with the attack on the embassy. Saturday's was the fifth suicide attack to hit Cameroon in two weeks. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. <CN> I did not force you into anything, let alone talk to me, go your way instead of attacking people.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Authenticity is about more than a layer of cloth on one's head. What I want is freedom of choice, not a meter of cloth! Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." Iran: Women must wear loose-fitting clothing and have their heads covered. "There is historical Islamophobic line of thought about women in veils," she said. <CN> Can you feel attacked by a piece of cloth? It is my veil and it is on my head, you are free to go your way.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. She said there had been several attacks on Muslims in recent days. Saturday's was the fifth suicide attack to hit Cameroon in two weeks. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. Chadian police said they would arrest anyone who wore a full face veil after the attack. <CN> Other people may feel assaulted by your words as well.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Some people feel uncomfortable in the company of a veiled woman, but what makes her uncomfortable are naked women on billboards, she said. Lying on a beach in Menton, France, in the days leading up to the July 14 attack in nearby Nice, my biggest worry about the attire of my fellow women beachgoers was that it appeared that thong bikinis were now de rigueur. Although women expose their faces on the page, sometimes only obscured by sunglasses or a camera angle, Alinejad keeps the names of all the posters anonymous. Nothing says FBI agent like a man in a glitter thong. There will be more naked women on the U.S. tour of the Italian group Malleus than in Led Zeppelin's entire groupie-saturated life on the road. <CN> The thong is an assault against me. Half naked women placed on posters are also an assault against me.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> "This attack is aimed at the unchangeable secular and democratic characters of the Republic. "This attack will go into the history of the republic as a dark stain," Sezer said. "These attacks will never reach their goal," he said, adding that the justice system would not be intimidated and would fulfill its duty with "loyalty to the secular and democratic republic. existence of the secular Republic is officially under threat" Opposition lawmaker, Kemal Anadol Sezer later visited the administrative court and said: "This attack is aimed at the unchangeable secular and democratic characters of the Republic. This is a political museum in the noble sense of the term, in that the secular republic recognises all its people. <CN> In a secular republic, everyone dresses according to their own convenience.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Teens already make up the majority of celebrity perfume fans, and Someday will likely draw the age down even younger. A vegan psychologist who makes perfume named after Hegelian concepts of being! Making perfume from the outside, Brosius stresses, doesn't mean lacking respect for the form. Last 2 KKK-approved!It may be a while before some customers kiss and make up with the makeup giant. Most striking of all, we learn that conservative Muslims, or veiled Muslims for that matter, make up a decided minority in America. <CN> Do I ask you about your own clothing, make-up or perfume?
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> "The Apprentice, for instance, topped the list at 85 acts of verbal aggression an hour; American Idolhad 57 aggressive acts an hour. The most common forms of physical aggression were punching, pushing and kicking, while the most common acts of verbal aggression were yelling/arguing, insulting and name-calling. Consider the case of France, one of the first European countries to pursue a burqa ban. ÂFrance banned the wearing of face-covering veils in public in 2011, becoming the first European country to do so. Most of the women confront verbal abuse on a daily basis, with a lot of the abuse coming from Muslims. <CN> Your first name is a lack of respect and verbal aggression against me.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> The attack left Nash without her hands, nose, lips and eyelids. "They had the least positive and most negative subconscious attitude," he said. A white Belgian convert, Muriel Degauque, perpetrated a suicide attack in Iraq in 2005. "You could do the test yourself and see where your attitudes lie," Rogge said. saidThe train station attack shook the country and state media labeled it "China's 9/11."It was the deadliest of a recent spate of violent incidents that have been blamed on Uyghurs. <CN> Similarly, your negative attitude may be considered violent by others.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> Missionaries of Charity nuns previously came under attack in Yemen in 1998, when gunmen killed three nuns in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida. Missionaries of Charity nuns also came under attack in Yemen in 1998, when gunmen killed three nuns in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida. Actually, all of us who are Catholic should honor the nuns. The life of an enclosed nun makes no sense at all without faith in God and I could see what a deep faith Bernadette had, and has now. <CN> So you are constantly assaulted by nuns? What a horrible life.
<HS> Your veil is an attack against me. <knowl> "All of Sandy's hopes and prayers are with Charla and her daughter in this challenging time," the statement read. In May, terrorists used car bombs to attack an open-air market in Urumqi, the capital of Xinjiang, leaving 39 dead and 94 injured. Four people were convicted Friday of plotting a knife attack that killed 31 people at a railway station in the southwestern Chinese city of Kunming. Police spokeswoman Luba Samri said two of the Israelis were moderately wounded in the attack, the latest in nearly two months of violence across the region. Among those wounded in Wednesday's attack was Ibb governor Yahya al-Aryani, who was attending the Huthis' commemoration of the Prophet Mohammed's birthday, a medic said. <CN> You are a victim of Don Quixote syndrome. If you don't know what it is, go read books, cultivate yourself and leave me alone.
<HS> Islam is a medieval religion. <knowl> Religion, age, and location were important factors in shaping respondents' views. It is time to undo this conflation of religion and politics. This new attention to religion is, at its base, predominantly about Islam. Religion, law and politics have always intermingled — and it cannot be otherwise. A quarter said they had no religion and 6% refused to say. <CN> It is a religion that knows how to adapt to its time.
<HS> Islam is a medieval religion. <knowl> Medieval Islam, like all religions, contained many different types of ideas and practices. Now this is like Europe in the Middle Ages, selling indulgences." She said: Finally my degree in medieval history and philosophy has come in handy, because what Isis wants to do is drive us back to the Middle Ages, literally. They belong to the middle ages and loathe western presence in their caliphate. The collapse of Byzantium then confirmed Islam's status as its dominant religion. <CN> If I want to live in the Middle Ages, that's my problem, isn't it?
<HS> Islam is a medieval religion. <knowl> In Islam : The Untold Story , Holland deals with the origins of the religion Islam . However, most Americans say that they know little or nothing about Islam or Mormonism. Unfortunately, about 60 percent of Americans don't know a single Muslim, and so may only know about Islam what the media reports about terrorists. "A quiet man, very shy, asking lots of questions about Islam," Bakri recalled last week. A minister of Christ should speak clearly about the Gospel and about the reality of Islam. <CN> You know nothing about Islam except what the media says.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> It is not obligatory to wear the veil. You are free to wear it or not.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. There are more and more products on the market that veiled women can use. <CN> If you have examples of those around you for whom the person was obliged, advise that person that they can file a complaint.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> It is obvious if they are as you say "subjected".
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> A very strange generalization, apparently you have not met my wife yet.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. "These women became like that because of the French context," she said. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> So you know all veiled women and the context in which they started to put it? I am a researcher. I am interested.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. There are more and more products on the market that veiled women can use. <CN> A verbal complement is missing for the grammatical structure .
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Why is the veil denounced in Egypt while 70 percent of Egypt's ladies are veiled? The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. Have Muslim women who say they have chosen to wear a niqab really exercising free choice? The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... <CN> The veil is not a sign of submission to a man, it is a free choice.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. There are more and more products on the market that veiled women can use. <CN> No, they carry it in their soul and in their conscience.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Legislating women's dress has nothing to do with liberty or feminism. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> We live in a free country where everyone dresses up as they want.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> And why not think that they have free will and can choose alone? #askher # I'MWithHer.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> For some it is true but not for everyone. A brilliant idea: ask them?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Most women in Saudi Arabia cover their hair and face with a niqab. In sports and in daily life, women have few rights in Saudi Arabia. Women are changing Saudi Arabia, says House, even if, she adds, it's slowly. She was hailed by media as an example of the oppressive policies on women in Saudi Arabia. Women in conservative Saudi Arabia are not allowed to drive and must be fully covered when appearing in public. <CN> Subject? Whose? What? Where? In France? In Saudi Arabia? In short, many questions to be answered. Can we talk? #iammuslim #Askme.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Why is the veil denounced in Egypt while 70 percent of Egypt's ladies are veiled? Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. El-Tantawy grew up in Egypt, as part of a moderate Muslim family where most of the women wore veils. One verse commands the women in the prophet's family to fully veil, partly to protect them from enemies and supplicants. <CN> There is no compulsion in Islam, the use of the veil is a personal choice of faith, not required by the husband or the family.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> Have you asked, at least once, a veiled woman, if she was forced to wear the veil?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Religiously symbolic clothes or demonstrations are banned in public places, such as schools and government offices. However, Muslim men, both religious and secular, wear modern, western clothing. What do Muslim women think of the ban?This is not the first time that women's clothing has been restricted in France. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? But the Western preoccupation with the veil-as-symbol is no less absurd. <CN> We live in a free and laic country where everyone is free to wear the desired clothes and/or religious symbols, including Muslim women.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> Veiled women are not subjected. They decided to wear their veils, like you decide what to wear everyday.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Âlâ is a monthly publication aimed at women who wear a veil. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. Our standard for womens rights should not be on a par with those who force women to wear a veil. It was unclear whether the women were also fined for wearing a veil. Authorities estimate at most 2,000 women in France wear the outlawed veils. <CN> Just like you, veiled women are endowed with free will. Wearing the veil or not is a personal decision.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> To many non-Muslims, the veil often connotes repression against women, foreignness, religion, mystery—even sexuality. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. <CN> The veil symbolizes being in a prayer and is common to all religions.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> Actually it is obligatory for praying, because in front of God you have to be covered.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> Who appointed you as spokesperson of the veiled women for speaking in their names?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> Do you know all the veiled women to say that?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> And you think that by forcing them to remove it, you give them more freedom?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> I do not think you speak on behalf of veiled women.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> What is the difference between the Christian or Jewish veil?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. There are more and more products on the market that veiled women can use. <CN> On what basis do you claim your assertion of this?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> To get it out of their sight, they would deny women all rights. The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. Russian authorities have turned a blind eye to the treatment of women and other rights abuses in Chechnya. "Büyükgöze warned: "For Bülent Arinç, women mean family, women mean mothers, women mean housewives. Sarkozy, and supporters of similar bans, claim to be acting in the name of women's rights and dignity. <CN> You speak on behalf of women whose rights are being violated, that's fine. What about women who choose to wear it?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. The law is worded to trip safely through legal minefields: The words "women," "Muslim" and "veil" are not even mentioned. Our standard for womens rights should not be on a par with those who force women to wear a veil. <CN> I wear the veil and nobody forces of the focused, I'm not married and I converted to Islam so non-Muslim family so no pressure.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. <CN> The beauty of a woman must be protected just as GREAT jewels are protected by alarms. We are protected by our veils.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> We are subject to our Creator as our veiled sisters-christians.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> There is no reason why a woman should be forced to wear the veil.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. All our women are covered!"Where is choice in such a scenario? If Muslim women say its a choice to wear it, lets respect them. <CN> Women are not submissive but are free by their choice.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. In 2010, Syria banned full face-veils in certain public places, including universities. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> Women do not need you to express the opinion in their place.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> If Muslim women say its a choice to wear it, lets respect them. It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. Perhaps the most insulting subtext of all is that Muslim women are infants, to be patronised into the 'right' choices. Saudi women in general are denied the right to practice sports. <CN> It is a pity to see that people are not as respectful of Muslim women in a country that is supposed to defend human rights.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Amara, a practicing Muslim, called the veil a "sign of oppression of women. The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. Â Â ÂHe said: "The Islamic veil... the kippa and a cross that is of manifestly excessive dimensions -Â these have no place in the precincts of state schools. If Turkish women were barred from education because of headscarves, Saudi girls were dying from lack of them. "France has some of the strictest laws in Europe on the wearing of Islamic veils and other garb in public. <CN> How can you keep that kind of talk while you know nothing of the place of women in Islam!
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. If veiled women want to make a point, they'd do it themselves. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> Women who are naked are subject to the dictate of the society.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. The lawsuit alleges that the police acted with prejudice and with malice. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. <CN> The scarf is in no way a forced act. We just suffer from prejudice and ignorance. It is in no way an object that hinders freedom. It is good to work outside or travel with friends.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. All our women are covered!"Where is choice in such a scenario? Women were urged to strip off the symbols of their repression, particularly their religious headgear. On Feb. 1, World Hijab Day, women of all persuasions will wear headscarves in solidarity against Islamophobes. <CN> The headscarf is in no way an object of submission and in no way an obligation. It is a thoughtful choice and one that many people have accepted.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> The veil is an accessory that allows women to be recognized as a person and not only to be seen by its envelope. This protection is important in view of the sexual scandals that are now emerging with the "pig tone" scales.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Im fed up that every conversation about Muslim women begins and ends with headscarves. Alhumedhi, who now lives in Berlin, says the emoji will also serve women of faiths like Orthodox Judaism and Christianity who may wear a headscarf or covering to demonstrate their piety. <CN> Women with faith wear a headscarf out of religious conviction and certainly not subject to anyone except the creator!
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. <CN> A woman who decides to wear the veil to perform a spiritual journey, so she chose to wear it for her own personal reasons!
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. "At 30 months, there is a lot of physical aggression among kids," Boivin notes, but most children manage to adjust socially and eventually develop the verbal skills needed to negotiate peacefully within a group. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. The best predictor, the study concluded, was early childhood physical aggression. <CN> Women can decide whether or not to wear it based on their degree of Faith and resistance to verbal and physical aggression by ignorant people.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. Our standard for womens rights should not be on a par with those who force women to wear a veil. El-Tantawy grew up in Egypt, as part of a moderate Muslim family where most of the women wore veils. <CN> Religiously women should wear the veil or headscarf. This is a submission to the rules of Allah and not man.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. However, the department called Stringer's criticism of the agency an overgeneralization. <CN> This kind of comment is an overgeneralization, like many has been provided in history.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> Have you asked all veiled women whether they wear it as an obligation.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... "Büyükgöze warned: "For Bülent Arinç, women mean family, women mean mothers, women mean housewives. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. It normalises the control over women and prepares the ground for violence against women and the murder of women. <CN> Please do not generalize, all veiled women are essentially different women.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. To many non-Muslims, the veil often connotes repression against women, foreignness, religion, mystery—even sexuality. The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. <CN> Why are you shocked by Muslim veil when the veil exists in other religions as well?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> The veiled woman is free to dispose of her body as she sees fit.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. The sight of veiled women striking relaxed poses in glossy magazines is a novelty in Turkey. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? It's a shame that veiled women appear on Arab and international channels while they don't in Egypt. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... <CN> The majority of veiled women chose to wear the veil in full consciousness and in accordance with his religious principles.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... It normalises the control over women and prepares the ground for violence against women and the murder of women. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. <CN> The veiled women are not subject to the dictates of fashion and the desire of men.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> The veiled women are not subjected, only to their Lord, Creator of all things.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> Veiled women are free to cover and not to be a sex object.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The three women seemingly defied the wishes of their parents and husbands in following their brother to Syria. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. All our women are covered!"Where is choice in such a scenario? If Muslim women say its a choice to wear it, lets respect them. <CN> Many veiled women are grown and make this choice against the wishes of their husbands or families.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Laïcité, French for secularism, is a heated topic both in France, both on and offline. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? Women are required to cover their hair in Iran; meanwhile in secular France, hijabs and full body veils are banned. Pierre S.Translation: Secularism has become a weapon for discrimination against Muslims in France, especially those who wear the veil. <CN> In France, there is no requirement for women to wear a scarf other than personal choice. No submission or obligation, it is a religious practice that allows them to live their faith in peace.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Why is the veil denounced in Egypt while 70 percent of Egypt's ladies are veiled? The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. <CN> Women of other faiths veil, and no one is treated like being submitted.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> Submissive women are rather those who submit to prostitution networks and are sexual objects.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Women were urged to strip off the symbols of their repression, particularly their religious headgear. The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. <CN> No, it is just a religious practice of personal choice.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> This is their choice and they are free to wear them.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> They are subject to God and they wear the veils freely.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. <CN> Leave them at peace, they are beautiful, brilliant and above all free to wear the veil, everyone takes care of herself and is free to respect laws.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Authorities estimate at most 2,000 women in France wear the outlawed veils. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> Veiled women in France are persecuted and especially discriminated against because of their veils.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> If veiled women want to make a point, they'd do it themselves. The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Where are women's rights when we hold one category of women responsible for 'public disorder', or even for terrorism? Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. <CN> We are talking about the religiosity of women in their places, what is the point?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. There are more and more products on the market that veiled women can use. <CN> Their numbers are growing, thus it should please them .
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> Submission does not manifest itself in a dress, it would be so easy to find the perpetrators by this principle.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Âlâ is a monthly publication aimed at women who wear a veil. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. The brainchild of two Turkish businessmen, it's a fashion and beauty magazine aimed at women who wear the veil. Our standard for womens rights should not be on a par with those who force women to wear a veil. It was unclear whether the women were also fined for wearing a veil. <CN> Wearing the veil is a choice for the majority of women.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> They do what they want, and you are saying lies and I could drag you to court for defamation.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. If veiled women want to make a point, they'd do it themselves. <CN> They wear the veil because they are free to wear it.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. In 2010, Syria banned full face-veils in certain public places, including universities. On the left, a small party has pushed for a law stopping veiled women from working in day care centers with government contracts. <CN> Yes if they want to have things in accordance with their religion.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Your Financial Blind Spots And Keep Things Simple"}How To Pocket More Than Couch Pennies From Your Spring Cleaning{"generic":"How Writer Amber Rae Reveals How to Find Your Purpose and Jumpstart Your Life{"generic":"Entrepreneur and Writer Amber Rae Reveals How to Find Your Purpose and Jumpstart Your Life","twitter":"Entrepreneur and Writer Amber Rae Reveals How to Find Your Purpose and Jumpstart Your Life"}Electro-Harmonix: The Rise, Fall And Resurrection Of A Rock Icon{"generic":"Electro-Harmonix: The Rise, Fall And Resurrection Of A Rock Icon","twitter":"Electro-Harmonix: The Rise, Fall And Resurrection Of A Rock Icon"}How Work Life Balance At A Startup"}Billionaire Mentor Part 3: Navigating Nuance In A Family Business{"generic":"Billionaire Mentor Work Life Balance At A Startup","twitter":"Promising Founders: <CN> In that case how do you explain that there are veiled women who are entrepreneurs? Do you know a lot of submissive entrepreneurs? An entrepreneur, by definition, is independent.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. If veiled women want to make a point, they'd do it themselves. <CN> Do you think, maybe, it is possible that she wears the veil because she wants?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. <CN> Don't you think that there are also women who are forced to wear "sexy clothes" against their will? Or clothes of this or that cut? Or this and that color?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. <CN> Personally around me, all the women I know who wear the veil, do in their soul and conscience. And you, have you taken the time to discuss respectfully, without preconceptions, with a woman who wears a veil?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Mel Gibson can do comedy, as he demonstrates with his pratfalls in "What Women Want" and his humorous con-artistry in "Maverick." The MOVIE going public will rush to see Mel's movies -- regardless. Today: A possible Mel Gibson cover-up and Nicolette Sheridan's "annoying" lawsuit. Mel Gibson's planned cameo in "The Hangover Part II" has been canceled. <CN> If you know what's going on in a woman's head, it may be that you unconsciously take too much from Mel Gibson in the movie "What women want".
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> I don't know any women who are veiled out of obligation.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> We should question the women themselves that we almost never questioned.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The women interviewed by Human Rights Watch interpreted that as a threat to use real weapons. Since then, an unofficial campaign limiting Chechen women's freedoms has been gaining strength, Human Rights Watch says. She added: We have to improve the record of human rights and promote the cause of human rights. The teacher, Aytac Kilinc, has said she will appeal against the decision to the European Court of Human Rights. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. <CN> If they choose so, you can not deny them, human rights guarantee the freedom of worship.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. <CN> Subject to whom, to what? As any woman, they are free to dress as they please.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. There are more and more products on the market that veiled women can use. <CN> On what do you base your statement? I am also against human oppression. Let us ask them what it is all about and act if necessary.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Amara, a practicing Muslim, called the veil a "sign of oppression of women. It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. She's going with a different goal in mind — to change the perception of Muslim women. "I want people to see that there are Muslim women who challenge the stereotypes and conceptions of what Muslim women are," Muhammad told Business Insider. <CN> It is an insult to the freedom of conscience of Muslim women.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. But, like many veiled women, she said it was a decision that came with a price. Nils Muiznieks, the Council of Europe's commissioner for human rights, who noted the high number of attacks on veiled women as an area of particular concern in his 2014 report on France, is critical of what he called the country's preoccupation with Muslim women's attire. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? Defending his ban on veiled women at the temporary beach, Richard Trinquier, the mayor of Wissous, told a court that he was protecting France's commitment to secularism. <CN> No, I am one of such people and nobody forced me to wear it. That said, unfortunately in some countries with authoritarian regimes women do not have the freedom to choose (Iran or Saudi Arabia), they may be verbalized and are outlawed for having decided to choose for themselves how to dress. Women who choose to veil in France undergo the same type of treatment.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. The sight of veiled women striking relaxed poses in glossy magazines is a novelty in Turkey. Women in Dubai adding extra volume to their hair underneath their headscarves are being called "Camel Heads. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? There is little doubt that, in practice, this restriction has broader impact on Muslim women who cover their heads. <CN> Better be interested in those women who have veil in their mind and not on their heads.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. The sight of veiled women striking relaxed poses in glossy magazines is a novelty in Turkey. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... It's a shame that veiled women appear on Arab and international channels while they don't in Egypt. <CN> Women in mini skirts are subjects obliged to wear mini skirts.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Therefore the righteous women are devoutly obedient, and guard in (the husband's) absence what Allah would have them guard. <CN> It is an act of love and obedience to Allah.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> The veiled woman like any human being is free to protect her body as she wishes, she does not want to please, let alone seduce to be able to exist, she wants to be at peace with her conscience.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Amara, a practicing Muslim, called the veil a "sign of oppression of women. <CN> The veiled woman finds shabby, cowardly and dictatorial those who decide in her name that she is submissive and obliged to do so, otherwise they would let her speak out to denounce their lies.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." Exploring the world of fabric, felt can be made into a low-cost fedora and a piece of cloth into a turban. The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. Whilst it is important to the future of feminism to have these ideological debates, what is more important is to avoid getting distracted by little pieces of cloth. The woman, identified by a number of publications as Malak al-Shehri, posted a photo of her outfit to Twitter. <CN> Why are you concerned about her outfit? What does that have to do with you? This is only a piece of cloth for you but more for her; it protects her freedom of conscience.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Veiled women have been presenting the news for years on private satellite television here, including Ms. Nabil, who previously worked for the Brotherhood's satellite station, Misr 25. <CN> If you think that after harassing the woman she will become faulted, it is you who does not understand the respect for freedom of conscience.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. There are more and more products on the market that veiled women can use. <CN> If you claim to defend them, give them the floor and do not speak for them, do not take them for a lower being who must submit to the thinking of the strongest and see if it is actually submitted and obliged.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> Have you discussed it with veiled women to make such statements?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. The law is worded to trip safely through legal minefields: The words "women," "Muslim" and "veil" are not even mentioned. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... One verse commands the women in the prophet's family to fully veil, partly to protect them from enemies and supplicants. <CN> Veiled women do it due to religious conviction and not by compulsion. I have met, moreover, numerous Muslim families in which some women are veiled and others not.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. <CN> Veiled women are free and wear the headscarf by choice.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> Is not the fear of difference that makes you say that?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> Everyone is free to dress as they see fit in a democracy.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. <CN> The veil / headscarf is a personal and free choice.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> If there were really soumission from islamic women, oppression and stigma would not be liberating means.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> Women are free to wear their veil based on their religious beliefs.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> Did you ask them the question or is it a personal reflection?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. <CN> No. It is a personal choice. Every woman is and should be free to wear the veil or not.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Enzo Le RenardProponents of the theheadscarf ban argue that it is about about women's freedom, secularism and security. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. <CN> Those people who think about such things are going against the women's freedom.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> The man is afraid of what he does not know.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. <CN> The submission of the woman is these words made by uneducated people.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> In a free country they are free to wear what they want.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. All our women are covered!"Where is choice in such a scenario? If Muslim women say its a choice to wear it, lets respect them. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> The obligation is religious, but the woman can choose not to wear it: it is her choice and only God will judge her.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> The body of a veiled woman is such a treasure that it is hidden in a safe.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. <CN> An unveiled woman is subject to human eyes, a veiled woman is free of it.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. His outburst earned a sharp rebuke from the woman who created the burkini, the Australian designer Aheda Zanetti. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. <CN> A veiled woman is free from the look of a man.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? As I rose, one of those veiled women handed me a yogurt drink to rehydrate. <CN> A veiled woman reflects modesty and that gives it value.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. But, like many veiled women, she said it was a decision that came with a price. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? Mainstream politicians on the right, including former President Nicolas Sarkozy, are calling for veiled women to be barred from universities. <CN> Being veiled they are not submitted, they fully live their religion.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> A vast majority of Egyptian women choose to wear some form of Islamic head covering. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. The requirements: High school diploma, computer proficiency and good interpersonal skills. There are plenty of high-paying jobs that only require a two-year associate degree or just a high-school diploma. Muslim culture, in this view, is the oppressor of women, and Sarkozy their rescuer. <CN> You speak on behalf of his women without even having spoken with them, even if only once the vast majority of them make this choice for another form of freedom that you do not understand that you know about the veiled woman? Apart from the myth that the media have shaped you to lobotomize your brain, what is this sudden craze for the pseudo cause of women? Thirty or forty years ago, we did not care about women because they were invisible and couldn't read and write, and now that they have a respondent that they have a 5 year high school diploma, all at once we care about them. Stop the shortcuts between what is happening in Afghanistan and here in France ask them the question! It is because they are free and they are not subject to your ideas in contradiction with reality that it bothers you and then we are in France in 2018 the freedom to dress is part of the values you defend so much.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? The law says veiled women risk a $215 fine or special citizenship classes, though not jail. <CN> I've never seen a veiled woman invited to a TV set to ask her opinion.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> No, because Our Lord does not force anyone to do anything, it is our will.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> Like the man, veiled women are subject only to god.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> The word veiled women is too often confiscated, the media and politicians are constantly talking to their electorate, they are the first concerned giving their speech.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> We are supposed to be in a free country, everyone has the right to dress as they please.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Âlâ is a monthly publication aimed at women who wear a veil. It was unclear whether the women were also fined for wearing a veil. Authorities estimate at most 2,000 women in France wear the outlawed veils. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. <CN> The law prohibits requiring the wearing of a veil. If they do not file a complaint, it is because they do so voluntarily.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> What harm does it make to you? Do you spend so much energy to defend the right to accommodation for families on the street?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> In 2010, Syria banned full face-veils in certain public places, including universities. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. In 2011, Sarkozy banned the niqab (a full-face Muslim veil) from all public places. The sight of veiled women striking relaxed poses in glossy magazines is a novelty in Turkey. <CN> If these women were "subject", would they resist the islamophobic pressure in public places and workplaces?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? For many decades women who follow a religion were excluded as unable to be part of the feminist movement. To have these debates between women from vastly different backgrounds, religions and perspectives makes the debates richer and more complicated. <CN> Coercion is forbidden in religion, according to the Koran. We can assume that it is their own will.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Our standard for womens rights should not be on a par with those who force women to wear a veil. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. In Muslim countries women have been attacked for not wearing it. <CN> Do you think about wearing the mini skirt or trousers or whether women who wear them have constraints?
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> The claim that veils protect women from lasciviousness and disrespect carries an element of self-deception. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> Do not talk / think about the place of Muslims.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> To many non-Muslims, the veil often connotes repression against women, foreignness, religion, mystery—even sexuality. The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. <CN> Veil is a religious devotion, like prayers are for all religions.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Legislating women's dress has nothing to do with liberty or feminism. There are Muslim women wearing hijab in our nation's military, he said. ... <CN> So, the best solution to get them out of this submission would make them feel guilty in public spaces systematically, to insult them permanently denying their integration and willingness to aspire to a decent life? Funny as a way to inclusiveness, and a way out of someone's submission.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> If veiled women want to make a point, they'd do it themselves. "if you too think all women should have the right to dress as they wish and have their choice respected, the AFP reports. Have Muslim women who say they have chosen to wear a niqab really exercising free choice? The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. I wonder how many face-veiled women they have interacted with personally or in an ongoing way? <CN> This is making outrageous generalization and we completely forget the fact that many, even most of women, have the choice, and thus they can take the veil away when THEY wish so.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Legislating women's dress has nothing to do with liberty or feminism. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> Lazy and hateful way to impersonate a feminist activist while overcoming the fight against the problems that affect, in a more structural and comprehensive manner, all the women, violence, harassment, equal pay, gender bias. Such bourgeois feminism is ethnocentric, totally blind to intersectionality.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> These scenes of French colonial oppression are portrayed without any background or shading. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Do we know how many wounded, veiled women walk around hidden among us? <CN> An old French colonialist marotte who has always wanted to enjoin veiled women to "free themselves from the oppression" of their families, to better embrace colonial oppression, no doubt? The current mentality about the veil is more or less the same.
<HS> Veiled women are subjected and forced to wear the headscarf. <knowl> In Israel, everybody serves in the army except ultra-Orthodox Jews and Arabs. The oral suction ritual is practiced by a small number of ultra-Orthodox Jews. FBIInitially, it was thought he was distancing himself from women as Ultra-Orthodox Jews often adhere to strict rules of gender segregation in public. Ultra Orthodox Jews attend the funeral of Rabbi Yosef Shalom Elyashiv in Jerusalem, Wednesday, July 18, 2012. Nearly 27% of Arab men and 65% of ultra-Orthodox Jews don't work, government figures show. <CN> You would not dare to say such a thing about Christian nuns, let alone ultra-Orthodox Jews.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> On Friday, uncovered photos showed her posing in an Islamic veil and holding a crossbow. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. Although it is legal to wear Islamic dress in France, the country was the first in Europe to ban full-face Islamic veil in public places and headscarves in schools, FoxNews.com reported last week. <CN> The Islamic veil has no source in political Islam, but can be used for a political purpose.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Demonstrators in front of the Berkeley police station in Berkeley...Demonstrators toss things at the police in Berkeley, California on Saturday, December 6, 2014. Egyptian protesters attend evening prayers during a demonstration in front of the US embassy in Cairo. Demonstrators in front of the Berkeley police station in Berkeley California on Saturday, December 6, 2014. Demonstrators clash with police in Berkeley, California on...Demonstrators march in Berkeley, California on Saturday, December 6, 2014. Demonstrators lie in the street in Berkeley, California on...Demonstrators march in Berkeley, California on Saturday, December 6, 2014. <CN> The demonstration or demonstrations there is one too many and gaps in general knowledge.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Adherents of political Islam regularly threaten me, an apostate from their faith. Under the guise of a religion, political Islam has penetrated our culture, politics and media. Rest assured the first beneficiary of the weakening currents of political Islam are violent terror groups." Mamdani shows us that the origins of political Islam are themselves modern, and, in fact, largely secular. In fact, Muslims are the No. 1 victims of Political Islam, as evidenced in Syria, Iraq and Iran. <CN> Uh What is political Islam? No right to copy and paste Fhaine.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. ÂAndÂ a growing number of voices haveÂ warned of the dangers of a law that targets an already resentful Muslim minority. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. The changes on state television come against a backdrop of concern over a major reshuffling of the editors of state media last month. <CN> Can I have a list of other types of veils?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. One of the most obvious was simply the size of that minority. The vast majority of Muslim Egyptian women wear some form of head covering -- from stylish scarves to the full face-covering veil called the niqab. <CN> Why do you want to politicize the veil in this way? The veil has been in France for centuries, a bit of history would help you.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> France charges a fine of 150 euros or $205 for anyone wearing the garments. The law has sparked fierce debate between believers of religious freedom and those who think the veil is both restrictive and contravenes France's secularism. The result is far short of the idea that inspired the creation of the panel: the demand for a ban on the full veil anywhere in public. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. He responded by soothingly talking of the need for families to discuss all issues. <CN> The veil is a garment like any other, secularism does not impose any way of dressing, but preaches respect for everyone and protects everyone's freedom in this choice.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Deputies ( members ) of the National Assembly are directly elected on a democratic basis through secret ballots . In Xinjiang, the ban on burqas comes after a variety of other restrictions placed on Islamic culture. Her father was a prominent national politician and formerly served as a member of the National Assembly . The prime minister is the only member of government who must be a member of the National Assembly . They are multi-cultural relativists who have sacrificed universal standards of human rights on the altar of political correctness. <CN> Have you ever seen a veiled woman in the National Assembly?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The French are only one nation participating in the campaign against the Islamic State's self-proclaimed caliphate. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. PARIS - French President Nicolas Sarkozy's ousted adviser on diversity called the president's conservative party the "plague of Muslims" amid a growing furor over its plans to debate Islam's role in France. What do Muslim women think of the ban?This is not the first time that women's clothing has been restricted in France. Some counterterrorism officials say the Islamic State's lashing out may backfire. <CN> Are we talking about everyone's intentions? What are yours? Personally, I do not intend to establish a 'caliphate' in France, I have other things to do. #JePeuxPasJ'aiPiscine.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. <CN> What is an Islamic veil? Again, I need a context! Political Islam? What do you mean?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> On Friday, uncovered photos showed her posing in an Islamic veil and holding a crossbow. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. Women on both sides of the divide wrote with passion about how the decision was a matter of personal choice. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. <CN> There is no compulsion in Islam, the use of the veil by the woman is a personal choice and of faith, it is not required by the family or by the husband.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. The brotherhood advocates the introduction of strict Islamic Sharia laws in Jordan. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. <CN> Have you asked, at least once, to a veiled woman, if she was forced to wear a veil?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. It was a religious choice for both of them, Kuryak said. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. <CN> The veil is a personal and religious choice. Personally, I've never seen a hijab campaign.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. In a nod to secularism, the French government doesn't allow state authorities to collect data about people's religious beliefs. In other words, it infringes on the basic human rights of those 1,900 women whose personal choice is to cover their faces. Lots of people would rather believe in the veil of Saint Veronica than in a historical Jesus who got married and had a kid. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. <CN> The veil is a personal choice in response to a religious belief. Why don't we wonder if the nuns are covering themselves for political purposes?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Many Muslim women are not given a free choice about how to dress; some are persecuted and even murdered by their families for refusing to wear the Islamic veil. The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. In other words, it infringes on the basic human rights of those 1,900 women whose personal choice is to cover their faces. This isn't possible for Muslim girls and women who are forced to wear the Islamic veil (headscarf, or face mask or full head, face and body covering) and who risk death when they resist. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. <CN> Previously: 'Muslim women wear the veil because they are subjected' Now: 'The Islamic veil is the demonstration of a political Islam'. So Muslim women have no choice. Once again! They make the choice to support a political Islam! Find the mistake.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. As the tornadoes obliterated miles of forests and neighborhoods, they flung a truck onto a rooftop, a wedding veil into tree limbs, a lamp into a refrigerator. Organizers had urged female attendees to wear swimsuits that cover most of their bodies, in accordance with Islamic law, and prohibited men over the age of 10 from attending. On Friday, uncovered photos showed her posing in an Islamic veil and holding a crossbow. The head of the Party of France's Muslims, Muhammad Latreche, said the legislation would "institutionalise Islamophobia." <CN> In the same way that a wedding veil would be the demonstration of a political marriage? A bit serious, don't you think? Your tweet is the demonstration of limited knowledge.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. To mobilise the mechanism of the state to tackle Islamic fundamentalism via cracking down on the face veil is not the answer. The vast majority of Muslim Egyptian women wear some form of head covering -- from stylish scarves to the full face-covering veil called the niqab. In 2010, France passed a law that banned burqas and other full face coverings (including another item of Islamic dress, the niqab) in public places. <CN> For clarity, I'll reformulate your tweet: the veil is the dress of a Muslim woman who wants to wear it.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> "The Islamic veil, worn with dignity and without ostentation is an innocuous symbol of a cultural and religious identity which deserves all our respect," Pisanu said. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. A 2004 law bans Islamic headscarves and other ostentatious religious symbols from public schools. The paper says she started wearing an Islamic veil and led a religiously conservative lifestyle. The pair wed in July 2009 in an Islamic religious ceremony not recognized by French law. <CN> It is a religious sign. It has no connection with politics.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Barbara Hall of Little Rock, far right, cheers with about 200 other... Demonstrators in favor of a religious freedom bill that Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson wanted rewritten, foreground, gather at the Arkansas state Capitol in Little Rock, Ark., as opponents, left, demonstrate against the bill, Thursday, April 2, 2015. "The Islamic veil, worn with dignity and without ostentation is an innocuous symbol of a cultural and religious identity which deserves all our respect," Pisanu said. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. But there is so far no evidence of active association with international jihadist groups. <CN> To dress a little bit more is normal if you are religious, I don't see the link with politics.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. Photograph: APA/REXAngola has been accused of "banning" Islam after shutting down most of the country's mosques amid reports of violence and intimidation against women who wear the veil. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. David Já, president of the Islamic Community of Angola (ICA), said on Thursday: "We can say that Islam has been banned in Angola. <CN> The veil is not a demonstration of anything, a faith cannot be demonstrated, it is felt.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Of Kennedy's efforts to expose the Klan, former Georgia Assistant Atty. Minutes later angry demonstrators tried to force their way past police, forcing the members of the Klan to seek shelter in City Hall. Yesterday, America was a land of slavery, segregation, lynching and Ku Klux Klan. The demonstrators were protesting a proposed stop by Klan members of distribute pamphlets. I would never of done that & I apologize that it happened," she said. <CN> And the Christian veil? Is it an apology for ku kux klan?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. The brotherhood advocates the introduction of strict Islamic Sharia laws in Jordan. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. <CN> Not at all, we wear our veils out of conviction, out of love.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. The brotherhood advocates the introduction of strict Islamic Sharia laws in Jordan. "There is historical Islamophobic line of thought about women in veils," she said. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. <CN> It is you who made the veil an Islamophobic and political demonstration.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> showing that 58% of adults worldwide don't know what social networking is. One of the main topics here at Mashable has always been social networking. Dundoo - Dundoo enables users to create image collages out of social networking profile. More than 80% of Gen Z'ers check social networking sites at least weekly. Of all the social networks, Facebook is the only one that knows no generational limits. <CN> I'm not surprised to hear it from someone who is obsessed with social networking.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The survey appears to be one of the most comprehensive analyses of Muslim attitudes attempted in France. The head of the Party of France's Muslims, Muhammad Latreche, said the legislation would "institutionalise Islamophobia." David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. What do Muslim women think of the ban?This is not the first time that women's clothing has been restricted in France. One of the most obvious was simply the size of that minority. <CN> It is so in France because they have little difference from each other since the beginning. Historically proven.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. <CN> The Islamic veil is the best weapon ever worn by a woman today.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. <CN> The wearing of the Islamic veil is a personal and religious journey - there is nothing political about it. There are no claims behind it.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. The debate comes days before a new law comes into effect banning the face-covering Islamic veil, which Sarkozy says makes women "prisoners." Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. <CN> The Islamic veil has always been worn by women that they consider protection.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The connection between religion and politics is very complicated, of course. But other worry about too close a connection between religion and politics in a diverse society. The arc of Moore's personal journey from a very conservative to a more moderate expression of his faith echoes the spiritual path of many Muslim American converts. At a meeting with prominent Christian leaders on Tuesday, Obama discussed his âpersonal journey of faith," as one participant recounted. These findings reflect - and drive — the growing polarization of American politics. <CN> No connection between religion and politics. It is a personal journey to his faith quite simply!
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The practices and traditions of lived Islam often dissent from orthodox, elite or official understandings of what Islam is or should be. We need more people of all faiths taking a stand for human beings of all faiths. Islam is not a religion and can only be paralleled with other dictatorial political/social movements. Moderate Islam should be defined as a form of Islam that rejects these violent and discriminatory edicts. Lived Islam does not align with an understanding of Islam as a singular, bounded cause of political behavior. <CN> It is not Islam that has imposed itself in the political spheres but the will of unscrupulous human beings to show this religion and these practitioners with their fingers.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Many of those women would wear wigs on campus as an attempt at reconciliation. Of course it was ridiculous to prohibit women from wearing headscarves on Turkish university campuses. Jail officials in Cumberland County, Maine, have a special protocol for taking booking photos of Muslim women who wear hijabs. Because they werent wearing headscarves and abayas, the black cloaks that girls and women must wear in public in Saudi Arabia. In Muslim countries women have been attacked for not wearing it. <CN> All the women I know wearing headscarves make their lives without asking anyone.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> It is quite hard to get an entire nation represented on a piece of cloth. Many of the debate's critics fear it could lead to the stigmatization of French Muslims. A stick with a white piece of cloth marks where a body from the crash lays. The recovered piece of fabric was missing just a few filaments of cloth and gold thread, he said. They are multi-cultural relativists who have sacrificed universal standards of human rights on the altar of political correctness. <CN> It is political for those who feel attacked by this piece of cloth on one's head.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The rise of Islamism, particularly the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, has increased the prevalence of veiling. "I wanted to change the Islamic symbol of a veil," burkini creator Aheda Zanetti says. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. <CN> We have given the veil lots of power, when a woman wears a veil she thinks of God, but we made her a spokesperson of Islam.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Our religion is Islam and is nothing close to this religion. David Já, president of the Islamic Community of Angola (ICA), said on Thursday: "We can say that Islam has been banned in Angola. To them, it singles out and stigmatizes one gender of one religion. The brotherhood advocates the introduction of strict Islamic Sharia laws in Jordan. The analogy between this and controlling details of peoples' clothing is absurd. <CN> Islam is a religion not a political party. The veil is a cloth not a symbol.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The brotherhood advocates the introduction of strict Islamic Sharia laws in Jordan. The survey appears to be one of the most comprehensive analyses of Muslim attitudes attempted in France. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. The mayor of Cannes in southern France has banned full-body swimsuits known as "burkinis" from the beach, citing public order concerns. <CN> If in France the veil is political, what is its demonstration in Egypt?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> This means that the principle of a woman having a choice remains intact. Instead of this real-life raunch, cunnilingus swings in to become the ultimate signifier of devotion and masculinity. Most of these verses are autobiographical , with an element of pathos . The father of the female protagonist, while living in a nation thousands of miles away, is steadfast in his devotion to his Indian roots. In the end, he lets his daughter marry the man of her choice. <CN> The veil is a choice for the woman and a garment of piety that testifies her devotion to the Lord.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. <CN> The Christian veil is however not connected with the policy as it is the same motivation.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The staff of the magazine are firm believers that wearing the veil is perfectly compatible with style and femininity. The brainchild of two Turkish businessmen, it's a fashion and beauty magazine aimed at women who wear the veil. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. Like their readers, the staff of the magazine are firm believers that wearing the veil is perfectly compatible with style and femininity. <CN> The veil disturbs because it is visible, what can be said about the wearing of the cross or a yarmulke?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. <CN> The veil is linked to a religious practice, nothing else.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. <CN> This is part of the Muslim religion to cover themselves with a veil.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. In Xinjiang, the ban on burqas comes after a variety of other restrictions placed on Islamic culture. The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. They are multi-cultural relativists who have sacrificed universal standards of human rights on the altar of political correctness. <CN> As soon as a woman speaks well in public, it is a problem.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. The survey appears to be one of the most comprehensive analyses of Muslim attitudes attempted in France. The focus of the First Amendment is abridging the freedom of speech regardless of who is doing the speaking. No more so than the freedom of speech gives a person the right to yell fire in a crowded theatre. <CN> They want to politicize the veil in order to crush the freedom of speech of veiled women.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. Some say that the number of women who wear the full-face veil has actually increased in France since the bans were implemented. More confoundingly, of these women who were charged, many were repeat offenders. In 2007, full-face Islamic veils were banned from public places in France. <CN> All women who wear a veil are considered dangerous in France today.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Finally, expert Islam refers to Islam as construed by those who generate knowledge about Islam including scholars, policy experts, religious authorities and government officials. We may not think the followers of the Islamic State are motivated by true Islam (whatever that might be). Analysis of Islam and foreign policy often begins by tracing the ways in which religion informs identity and defines interests. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. Tariq Ramadan is Professor of Contemporary Islamic Studies at Oxford University. <CN> The Islam is not a policy, it is a religion.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> However, the bans stop short of banning school pupils from wearing Islamic headscarves. Muslims say hijab is a religiousobligation, not a matter of choiceIslamic groups say the headscarf is a religious obligation and not a political statement. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. This will be a message that will push candidates of all political stripes to challenge their parties' political ideologies that too often are rooted in radical individualism. In Xinjiang, the ban on burqas comes after a variety of other restrictions placed on Islamic culture. <CN> Not at all it is a religious obligation and not a political one.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Other companies, such as Aqua Modesta, also create similar garments for Orthodox Jewish women.7. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The insurgents have abducted thousands of people, including hundreds of women and girls, in the past two years, rights groups say. Women of other faiths who also prefer modesty, along with older and plus-size women who don't like how they look in a traditional bathing suit, are fans of the new beach wear. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. <CN> That is not true. As proof, women of other faiths may wear a veil, among Christian or Jewish women for example.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. The vast majority of Muslim Egyptian women wear some form of head covering -- from stylish scarves to the full face-covering veil called the niqab. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. <CN> The Islamic veil, according to Muslim belief, is a religious prescription.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Thirteen Secret Service agents were implicated in the international imbroglio, which cost some of them their jobs. Nieland was in charge of probing the 2012 scandal that involved Secret Service agents bringing hookers back to their hotel rooms ahead of President Obama's arrival in Colombia. Knuth ( 1963 ) summarizes the early history of linear probing . The analysis above assumes that each key 's hash is a random number independent of the hashes of all the other keys . David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. <CN> No one is capable of probing the hearts of others. I don't suppose anyone accuses you of being an American secret agent because of the nike cap you wear?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. Organizers had urged female attendees to wear swimsuits that cover most of their bodies, in accordance with Islamic law, and prohibited men over the age of 10 from attending. In Xinjiang, the ban on burqas comes after a variety of other restrictions placed on Islamic culture. The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. <CN> It is just a message to send to men who are too enterprising #mytoo.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> In a written statement on Facebook, he said the burkini was the affirmation of political Islam in the public space. The Manhattan Project model of pure science without ethical constraints still looms over the Singularity and its would-be miracles. PARIS - French President Nicolas Sarkozy's ousted adviser on diversity called the president's conservative party the "plague of Muslims" amid a growing furor over its plans to debate Islam's role in France. The 'singularity' that will give the school its name is this state of exponential growth in technology and knowledge powered by machine invention. One of the most remarkable features of singularities is their persistence. <CN> Political Islam in France is for me a pure invention. Muslims have never claimed their singularity and are an integral part of the French landscape.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. One of the most obvious was simply the size of that minority. We cannot allow barbaric intolerance to flourish under the banner of Western tolerance. <CN> The Islamic veil is discreet, those who wear it are often discreet, and carry a message of tolerance, appeased.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The paper says she started wearing an Islamic veil and led a religiously conservative lifestyle. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. <CN> The Islamic veil falls within the religious and is not intended to offend people.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. This includes the rule of law, political order, basic security, central authority ensuring territorial integrity, and a centralized public administration able to deliver basic services. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. They are multi-cultural relativists who have sacrificed universal standards of human rights on the altar of political correctness. If elections are critical tools for conflict resolution and democratization, they should be organized in a conducive environment including the serious political commitment of former belligerents to peace, political competition and participation. <CN> Everything is political nowadays, nothing is apolitical and we must make a political commitment. The rule of law encourages us to do so, but the veil itself remains and is only a fabric that covers the hair of the person wearing it.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The political Islamism that ended up triumphing in Iran was a much more authoritarian interpretation of Islam... None of this means that Islam, with core values of justice, should be totally blind to politics. Perception of what your brand of Islam is or more specifically the brand of Islam the center would espouse. The West is in a war of ideas against political Islam. This conflation of religion and politics poisons Islam itself, too, by overshadowing all the religion's theological and moral teachings. <CN> Seriously, it does not hold, Islam is a religion not a political party. Rather, the pseudo-experts of Islam that run repeatedly on television politicize the issue.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> We as Ennahda, we follow Islam, and Islam is all about equality of men and women. The association's funds were ordered to be transferred to the Association of Women in Islam. The political Islamism that ended up triumphing in Iran was a much more authoritarian interpretation of Islam... It is the expression of a political project, a counter-society, based notably on the enslavement of women. She is a political scientist, specializing in contemporary Islamic societies and Islam in Europe and in the United States. <CN> If Islam were political we would have had veiled women in each government.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> "Wearing the uniform demonstrates personal responsibility, attention to detail, and being part of a team. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. Organizers had urged female attendees to wear swimsuits that cover most of their bodies, in accordance with Islamic law, and prohibited men over the age of 10 from attending. A young Frenchwoman of North African origin, she opted to wear an Islamic veil, though she said the pious choice of attire cost her a job as a cashier. girl of around 12 blew herself up between two takeaway sales points. <CN> Not at all, it is like saying that he who wears a yarmulke is a politician.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> President Thein Sein has promised to clear the country's jails of prisoners of conscience. The survey appears to be one of the most comprehensive analyses of Muslim attitudes attempted in France. The head of the Party of France's Muslims, Muhammad Latreche, said the legislation would "institutionalise Islamophobia." David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. Can we get out of this spiral of sorrow and death? <CN> Many women suffer in silence from not being able to dress as they wish in France, the land of freedom! They prefer to keep their conscience clear and give up leisure and sports activities they love, where is politics?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Also - who ARE the "French women" Guiliano is talking about? The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. In saying "French Women Don't Get Face Lifts" Guiliano implicitly suggests that the rest of us do. "The bans have since sparked fierce debate about France's secular values, women's rights and religious freedom. The mayor of Cannes in southern France has banned full-body swimsuits known as "burkinis" from the beach, citing public order concerns. <CN> I know of no religious party in France, what are we talking about? French women?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> There is another form of modern liberalism that defines freedom of conscience in purely personal terms. To continue saying that we need freedom of religion and freedom of conscience laws, that's offensive. People who knew all too well what it meant to be deprived of the "invaluable rights of free Citizens" held religious liberty and freedom of conscience most dear. In Bangladesh, this connectedness stares us in the face: Labor rights are linked to women's rights, women's rights to freedom of religion, freedom of religion to freedom of conscience, freedom of conscience to freedom of speech. Salesforce crm , Microsoft msft , and IBM ibm all tweeted criticism of the Protecting Freedom of Conscience from Government Discrimination Act. <CN> What about freedom of conscience? Many women wear berets or hats to go unnoticed while preserving their quiet conscience; where is the demonstration of political Islam?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The survey appears to be one of the most comprehensive analyses of Muslim attitudes attempted in France. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. Ayesha N. Rashid Richmond, Va., Jan. 27, 2010Banning the burqa and niqab need not be a case of Muslim-bashing; it might also be a statement of support for Muslim women's human rights. French Jews should no longer be afraid of being Jewish, and French Muslims should no longer be ashamed of being Muslims, he said. One of the most obvious was simply the size of that minority. <CN> There are excuses over and over again that allow you to crush those who do not think like you, this is a country of freedom, why deprive Muslim women of their freedom? It is simply racism.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. In 2010, France passed a law that banned burqas and other full face coverings (including another item of Islamic dress, the niqab) in public places. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. "The League of Human Rights (LDH) said it would challenge the ban in court. <CN> Really? And why can't we find veiled women in politics?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> So the administration bought into the fallacy of moderate political Islam. Adherents of political Islam regularly threaten me, an apostate from their faith. Under the guise of a religion, political Islam has penetrated our culture, politics and media. Rest assured the first beneficiary of the weakening currents of political Islam are violent terror groups." Mamdani shows us that the origins of political Islam are themselves modern, and, in fact, largely secular. <CN> Do you have proof of what you say. Who is the leader of this political Islam?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> They are afraid of death but also afraid of really living. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. In Xinjiang, the ban on burqas comes after a variety of other restrictions placed on Islamic culture. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. In 2010, France passed a law that banned burqas and other full face coverings (including another item of Islamic dress, the niqab) in public places. <CN> This is the argument of those who are afraid of difference, afraid of the other.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. Amara, a practicing Muslim, called the veil a "sign of oppression of women. The pair wed in July 2009 in an Islamic religious ceremony not recognized by French law. Many of the debate's critics fear it could lead to the stigmatization of French Muslims. In Xinjiang, the ban on burqas comes after a variety of other restrictions placed on Islamic culture. <CN> Islam is a religion without clergy, I doubt that a foreign mastermind imposes women, especially French women, to wear the veil.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The weakening of the social fabric has created a range of problems. The social fabric behind the monetary system needs to be strengthened. "The waves of increased visitors impact the city's urban and social fabric, and the concerns in Charleston echo challenges faced in many historic port cities with cruise ship tourism," the World Monuments Fund says. The social fabric is thus rewoven in a romantic frame of mind. The modern system of fiat money and ample credit needs more active support. <CN> Why constantly stigmatize these harmless women (and discreet) that are very active in the social fabric of our cities and neighborhoods.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. France's most-wanted woman might no longer even be in the country. France implemented the law in 2011, the first European country to do so. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. A 2004 law bans Islamic headscarves and other ostentatious religious symbols from public schools. <CN> France is the only country that seeks to exclude women from society.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> "By nature of what they do, housekeepers can find themselves in unsafe circumstances, he said. While defending the rights of those who work as nannies, home health-care aides, and housekeepers brings tremendous personal reward, it's not usually seen as a financially-rewarding occupation. A group of housekeepers from the Bellagio Hotel arrived together wearing their brown uniforms and Hillary stickers. Dozens of housekeeping employees at the Hilton DoubleTree Suites hotel in Allston held a one-day strike Thursday. Police questioned him in the alleged attempted rape of a Sofitel hotel housekeeper, and the next day, arrested him. <CN> Do all illiterate nannies and housekeepers play politics? No, of course not, but this one doesn't bother us, they serve!
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> We recently conducted a study of women's participation in political decision-making groups. Only 11 percent of the women left the work force to care for children. Most of the pregnant women in this New York-based study were exposed by spraying for cockroaches. There is this image of these women that is not positive. Some 63% of the women report regular or significant volunteer commitments. <CN> Women want to play sports, swim, accompany the children to school, study, where is politics here ??
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Well, really it's half of a half of a smiling face. Those 53 days of training were more stressful than four years of college. An Hermès scarf might be the accumulation of 800 hours of work. Toss one side of scarf across the opposite shoulder so it falls behind you. Others insist on a unique pair of shoes or a certain style of suit. <CN> I do not know the definition of political Islam and I wear the scarf.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Many of the debate's critics fear it could lead to the stigmatization of French Muslims. The head of the Party of France's Muslims, Muhammad Latreche, said the legislation would "institutionalise Islamophobia." "Opinion: Turning Crimea into 'Putinland'?There were conflicting reports late Tuesday over whether demonstrators who seized control of a Security Service of Ukraine building in Luhansk took hostages. ÂAndÂ a growing number of voices haveÂ warned of the dangers of a law that targets an already resentful Muslim minority. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. <CN> The lives of Muslim citizens must not be taken hostage under the pretext of creating an ideological concept.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Under the guise of a religion, political Islam has penetrated our culture, politics and media. Rest assured the first beneficiary of the weakening currents of political Islam are violent terror groups." Adherents of political Islam regularly threaten me, an apostate from their faith. Many of the debate's critics fear it could lead to the stigmatization of French Muslims. Political Islam is a comprehensive vision of ideas and ideals derived from Islamic scripture as interpreted by various scholars widely accepted as authorities on its meaning. <CN> Political Islam is a pretext for the opression of Muslim citizens.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. In so doing, they are presenting a decidedly unfriendly face of Islam. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. <CN> The veil is only a demonstration of a person who wants to please God.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> This conflation of religion and politics poisons Islam itself, too, by overshadowing all the religion's theological and moral teachings. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. It is time to undo this conflation of religion and politics. The latter is especially prevalent since the rise of the Islamic State. Elizabeth Shakman Hurd is an associate professor of politics at Northwestern University. <CN> No. Not at all. Religion must be independent from politics.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. In Xinjiang, the ban on burqas comes after a variety of other restrictions placed on Islamic culture. The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. They are multi-cultural relativists who have sacrificed universal standards of human rights on the altar of political correctness. <CN> These people are not familiar with what people are saying.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> One of the most obvious was simply the size of that minority. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. It suffers from low viewership because of lack of professional standards and lackluster programming. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. Today all the ordinances taken should conform to the decision of the Council of State. <CN> This is your vision of things, it does not mean that you are right.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> They are multi-cultural relativists who have sacrificed universal standards of human rights on the altar of political correctness. Honor based violence and honor killing cannot be justified in the name of anti-racism, diversity, or political correctness. Demonstrators around the country hit the streets on Nov. 9 to protest the election of President-elect Donald Trump. Yet some people wondered whether his actions were sincere, or if he just needed the support of black voters for political survival. One aide tries to grab hold of his arm, while another blocks his path, saying 'don't, Jeremy, don't, come on'. <CN> This thought is the beginning of the path that leads to racism.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. In Xinjiang, the ban on burqas comes after a variety of other restrictions placed on Islamic culture. The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. They are multi-cultural relativists who have sacrificed universal standards of human rights on the altar of political correctness. <CN> No, these are the right of every person to dress freely.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. Europe?Phyllis Chesler is emerita professor of psychology, author of four studies about honor killing and a fellow at the Middle East Forum. One of the most obvious was simply the size of that minority. <CN> The veil is to protect the woman, honor and a sign of modesty and faith.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> One of the most obvious was simply the size of that minority. "Today the state of law is that these ordinances are not justified. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. It is the fruit of a degrading brainwashing that starts in the cradle and never ends. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. <CN> More than 1,400 years that Islam exists, so over 1,400 years that Islam is political.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The judge called out 3 of Nicki's wigs to illustrate his point ... The death of Louis XIV in 1715 led to the downfall of elaborate wigs. Photo credit: The use of elaborate wigs began to decline after the death of Louis XIV. He accuses the Quebec government of reacting to a growing fear of Islam and its spread. Ancient Egyptians wore a variety of wigs, extensions and hair replacements in life - and in death. <CN> Political Islam ?? Nuns, kippas, wigs - is it political Christianity?? Political Judaism? Strangely enough, we don't ask ourselves that question.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. He smashed open the locked door of the operating room and punched the woman in the face, telling her to replace his wife's Islamic veil. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. <CN> The veil is a personal religious choice. What does it have to do with politics?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Or at least not without massive reforms and/or a renaissance of civic duty. The head of the Party of France's Muslims, Muhammad Latreche, said the legislation would "institutionalise Islamophobia." NEW YORK - A New York City couple has traveled halfway around the world in the name of civic duty. The week heading into a second round of voting is traditionally a time for France's mainstream political parties—President François Hollande's Socialists and former President Nicolas Sarkozy's... Regular Brooklynites — aka a jury of McCray's peers — were unhappy to hear their former borough neighbor tried to skip out on her civic duty. <CN> Politics? Strangely, when mainstream political parties seek the Muslim electorate, we hear a completely different speech! Politics has nothing to do with it, the only connection that can be made is when a French Muslim is going to vote, but everyone fulfills his civic duty, an atheist, a Christian, or a Buddhist, or a Jew.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. "The law on the full-face veil only bans covering the face in public... "The League of Human Rights (LDH) said it would challenge the ban in court. In 2010, France passed a law that banned burqas and other full face coverings (including another item of Islamic dress, the niqab) in public places. <CN> False because the veil is not islamic, it is present in all religions.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. They are multi-cultural relativists who have sacrificed universal standards of human rights on the altar of political correctness. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. One of the most obvious was simply the size of that minority. <CN> The veil is not political, but religious, but politicians have made it political to use it as a weapon of war.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Monday marks the 50th anniversary of the start of the political movement, with no official commemorations planned. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. In Xinjiang, the ban on burqas comes after a variety of other restrictions placed on Islamic culture. They are multi-cultural relativists who have sacrificed universal standards of human rights on the altar of political correctness. <CN> I've never seen a veiled woman that represents a political movement.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. In 2010, France passed a law that banned burqas and other full face coverings (including another item of Islamic dress, the niqab) in public places. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. Although it is legal to wear Islamic dress in France, the country was the first in Europe to ban full-face Islamic veil in public places and headscarves in schools, FoxNews.com reported last week. It is legal to wear Islamic dress in France, but the country became the first in Europe to ban the full-face Islamic veil in public places, in addition to having a ban on Islamic headscarves in schools. <CN> Political badges, are they subject to a ban in public places? No!
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> What is at issue is the extent of public accommodation of religion. The visibility of the face in the public sphere has always been a public safety requirement. Alongside its public religion, its schools have been productive on the basis of a public philosophy. Courses in the philosophy of religion tacitly subordinate religion to philosophy by subjecting religion to philosophy's questions and standards. Political life, by contrast, concerns the public sphere: what pertains to me as a member of a wider community (a city, state or nation) of individuals with diverse views on issues such as religion. <CN> Nevertheless, to express one's adherence to an ideology, religion or philosophy in the public sphere is protected by Article 9 of the ECHR.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> What do you think of attaching a brand mentality to human rights? Is Internet access and online freedom of expression a basic human right? Ai Weiwei said Western nations are tolerating a lack of human rights in China. "The League of Human Rights (LDH) said it would challenge the ban in court. The resolution says unlawful or arbitrary surveillance may contradict the tenets of a democratic society. <CN> Dressing at your convenience is a demonstration of a democratic society that respects human rights!
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> They come in lots of colors, even tie-dye and sparkly colors. The uniform consisted of a dust colored smock that closely matched the local soil. Still, there is work to be done in the other aspects of the uniform. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. In the works of Milton Avery (1885-1965), color is a bittersweet and secretive affair. <CN> If that were the case, it would be uniform. Now all shapes and colors are present.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The visibility of the face in the public sphere has always been a public safety requirement. And in an era of nearly unprecedented political gridlock, every bit helps. MOMENTUM is building in Europe for laws forbidding the wearing of garments that cover the face, like the Islamic burqa and niqab, in public. Disestablishment of the Church is not to be confused with dismemberment of it. In 2010, France passed a law that banned burqas and other full face coverings (including another item of Islamic dress, the niqab) in public places. <CN> Affirmation that seeks to relegate a category of citizens in the public sphere.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> Unfortunately in many parts of the Muslim world men today treat women brutally because of ignorance and prejudice. No law of war in Islam is more violated than the targeting of unarmed men, women, and children. More men are victims of domestic violence than women . . . For critics of Islam, 4:34 is the smoking gun that proves that Islam is misogynistic and intrinsically violent. Political Islamism is more dangerous than even Nazi supremacism- an ideology which defines the world's lowest point in human history. <CN> Women struggle to not be forced to wear the veil in the countries of the Muslim world which make it compulsory, but they don't deny their belonging to Islam.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. The vast majority of Muslim Egyptian women wear some form of head covering -- from stylish scarves to the full face-covering veil called the niqab. One of the most obvious was simply the size of that minority. <CN> This is yet another pretext to avoid addressing the real problems of society, of which the veil is absolutely not a part. With such blindness, shouldn't you be the one to remove your veil?
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights has upheld France's controversial law banning Islamic veils in public. The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. David Já, president of the Islamic Community of Angola (ICA), said on Thursday: "We can say that Islam has been banned in Angola. girl of around 12 blew herself up between two takeaway sales points. To them, it singles out and stigmatizes one gender of one religion. <CN> So what is your point? Islam is a political religion, the veil does not make it violent or hateful.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> She has accused the U.S. of killing innocent Muslims, and was photographed wielding a crossbow. Many of the debate's critics fear it could lead to the stigmatization of French Muslims. The survey appears to be one of the most comprehensive analyses of Muslim attitudes attempted in France. The head of the Party of France's Muslims, Muhammad Latreche, said the legislation would "institutionalise Islamophobia." Pushing back against fears of "communalism," 78 percent said they did not vote specifically for Muslim candidates. <CN> The thing that bothers you is that Muslims no longer raze the walls and refuse to hide anymore.
<HS> The Islamic veil is the demonstration of political Islam. <knowl> The mayor of Cannes in southern France has banned full-body swimsuits known as "burkinis" from the beach, citing public order concerns. David Lisnard said they are a "symbol of Islamic extremism" and might spark scuffles, as France is the target of Islamist attacks. PARIS - French President Nicolas Sarkozy's ousted adviser on diversity called the president's conservative party the "plague of Muslims" amid a growing furor over its plans to debate Islam's role in France. What do Muslim women think of the ban?This is not the first time that women's clothing has been restricted in France. Such compliments, yes even in 2013, carry different resonance when applied to women. <CN> The veil is an issue in France because politicians are trying constantly to control it, while stating everywhere that women MUST dress as they wish. Isn't it a paradox?
<HS> Muslims steal our work. <knowl> In Boston, one assistant U.S. attorney works to gain the trust of Muslim. Her neighborhood is diverse — about one-third Muslim — and tolerant. So after he refused to work on Saturdays, TWA fired him. Sergeant Dodge said he bore no animus toward Islam or Muslims. Religious Tensions in Myanmar: In western Myanmar, Muslims and Buddhists clash. <CN> Muslims apply for a job. They do not steal it.
<HS> Muslims steal our work. <knowl> I've worked with a lot of different Muslim groups around America. Roughly half of private-sector employees work in small businesses, and 65 percent of new jobs created since 1995 have come from small enterprises. She has had trouble finding work and now commutes into Paris — about an hour — to work as a secretary in a Muslim-owned construction company. "They shouldn't be forced to choose between their job and their religion," says Rima Kapitan, an attorney who represents Muslim workers in Grand Island. Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? <CN> Muslims are hired by employers. How can they steal jobs?
<HS> Muslims steal our work. <knowl> It's time for the moderate muslims to do some serious PR work on behalf of their religion. The bullying often works to silence critics of Islamic extremism. ... women from all backgrounds and religions wear my clothes and turbans. So after he refused to work on Saturdays, TWA fired him. Religion, like sex and politics, once was considered inappropriate watercooler talk. <CN> Their religion prohibits stealing, how can they steal your job?
<HS> Muslims steal our work. <knowl> There is not a change in the overall proportions of Muslims to Christians. Some discern a pattern of Mubarak provoking Muslim-Christian strife to distract Egyptians from government corruption. More than three-quarters of American Muslims are either first-generation immigrants or second-generation Americans. This climate of hatred has contributed to dozens of incidents of anti-Muslim violence in recent weeks. And the number of immigrants on welfare is far lower than anti-immigration advocates would have us believe. <CN> This speech targets immigrants in general, but to be accepted with a climate of hatred against Muslims, he changed the name of the target. Among the eastern immigrants, for example, there are Christians and Muslims.
<HS> Muslims steal our work. <knowl> "They gave our families freedom that we could not have in any so-called Muslim countries." Cantor believes King is on solid ground in calling the hearing. "Muslim and Non Muslim alike were traumatized but we as Muslims continue 12 years later to be victimized by being made the villains. It should be the Muslim conscience," he admonished in the same speech. If some Muslim leader says there is a war between Christians and Muslims, we condemn him. <CN> In so-called Muslim countries, there are thousands of repatriated non-Muslims working there without hearing this speech.
<HS> Muslims steal our work. <knowl> All the major media outlets had competent reporters working the religion beat. In 2008 we learned that having advisers and staffers who have competence in religion is essential to a successful presidential run. An Interfaith Caucus could meet regularly to discuss the positive role that religion plays in people's lives and in communities across the country and the world. You can preach to me the loving peace of this religion. Therefore, they exercise more power than their national average would indicate. <CN> The employment criterion that counts for any employer is rather the competence for the position to exercise and not the religion.
<HS> Muslims steal our work. <knowl> Breakthrough also privately says that one objective of its Ricu work is to promote a reconciled British Muslim identity. Holding fast to the principles of democracy, freedom and human rights, these hundreds of millions of Muslims fervently reject fanaticism in all its varied guises. stands at the base of any authentically human culture," he said. Why do we ridicule Muslims for eating "kosher", but not Jews? To understand it one must go deeper into the Muslim worldview. <CN> Muslims are human and trying to survive like everyone else.
<HS> Muslim women are all mothers at home. <knowl> If they stayed at home, wed have nothing to talk about. If you look at me, you wouldn't know I'm a Muslim. If Muslim women say its a choice to wear it, lets respect them. International retailers such as Marks and Spencer and Uniqlo have launched ranges aimed at Muslim women. Have Muslim women who say they have chosen to wear a niqab really exercising free choice? <CN> Housewives is a choice and not related to a religion.
<HS> Muslim women are all mothers at home. <knowl> The wireless microphone on mother s neck- lace will transmit her orders to him at the scene of the "crime. Take a look at the kitchen [still the housewife s command post] in a new Chicago home of the 21st centurv. If they stayed at home, wed have nothing to talk about. It is clever, enter taining, funny—at least for men—and, best of all, never contemptible of the formula on which it is working. People were turning up at my family home trying to intimidate my mum. <CN> Being a housewife is a noble task and requires a lot of work and little rest.
<HS> Muslim women are all mothers at home. <knowl> It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. The show demonstrates that Muslim women are stereotyped by society, but part of the problem begins at home. Alishba ZarmeenThe thing is, many Muslim women are indeed oppressed, just like many non-muslim women around the world. If they stayed at home, wed have nothing to talk about. Behold the burkini, a full body swimsuit worn by Muslim women. <CN> This is a thesis contradicted by the reality. Muslim women are at home and elsewhere.
<HS> Ultimately, the Muslims want to either convert us or kill us. <knowl> This monolithic, negative portrayal provides a skewed image of Islam and Muslims. Massoud Shadjareh of the London-based Islamic Human Rights Commission welcomed the move. YouGov asked two questions about the threat of Islam on its final November survey. The consequences of this have been that Islam in America is very identity oriented. Others will find the march as another example of the scary Islamization of America. <CN> The vocation of Islam is not to force anyone to do anything.
<HS> Ultimately, the Muslims want to either convert us or kill us. <knowl> The French government, however, prohibits people from any ostentatious display of religion. You know for a fact that it's not a religion of peace. The pursuit of this nationwide equality, however, has led to an aggressive suppression of diversity. But during the Cold War, no American president said: Communism is an ideology of peace. This type of control disgusts devout Muslims and raises a groundswell of support for the Brotherhood. <CN> Islam is a beautiful religion of peace, in complete harmony with the values of the republic: freedom, equality and brotherhood.
<HS> Ultimately, the Muslims want to either convert us or kill us. <knowl> Therefore, any human being that submits himself to God is considered to be following "Islam." However, it is reasonable for police and policy makers to be concerned about Islamic terrorists. Moderate Islam should be defined as a form of Islam that rejects these violent and discriminatory edicts. For the moment, there does not seem to be much prospect of a moderate Islam in the Muslim world. These biographies are indeed in libraries across the Islamic world . <CN> In Islam it is forbidden to kill or harm the human being!
<HS> Ultimately, the Muslims want to either convert us or kill us. <knowl> Fletcher said: You can practice Islam and remain a Latino ... and my critics know that they themselves view the practices advocated by radical, political Islam as inhumane. When everyone is fasting and praying, somehow these practices become more automatic and part of the culture. custom.)But it must be said that the Islamic State does try to ground all its practices in some Islamic basis. Either they ask if I believe or practice Islam like Bin Laden or what do I have to say about the actions of Islamist radicals? <CN> Islam imposes respect not proselytism everyone is free to practice or not!
<HS> Muslims must integrate or leave France! <knowl> Critics of the ban say it risks deepening rifts with France's Muslims. August 28, 2016Now in France, you have people kicking Muslims out of restaurants. "We said above all, pretty unanimously, that in France there are 5 or 6 million Muslims. One widely cited study by Pew from 2010 showed estimated that France had 4.7 million Muslims. France does have another choice: It could widen its national identity to include French Muslims as they are. <CN> It is rather that France has integrated Muslims from the Mediterranean.
<HS> Muslims must integrate or leave France! <knowl> Secularism, states france.fr, France's official information website, is a French invention. This is a method that France has been using for decades, to repeated failure. The group says 7,000 Jews left France for Israel last year - a record number. Once again, some in France view the drive for assimilation as a national security issue. Blaney told reporters he was there to show the support of Canadians for the French people, adding there is a deep bond between Canada and France. <CN> What if we were to recommend the same thing for French people abroad?
<HS> Muslims must integrate or leave France! <knowl> Secularism, states france.fr, France's official information website, is a French invention. One of the few places anti-Semitism really thrives in France is among some Muslims. "We said above all, pretty unanimously, that in France there are 5 or 6 million Muslims. Sarcelles today boasts one of the largest populations of Algerian origin in France, both Jewish and Muslim. One widely cited study by Pew from 2010 showed estimated that France had 4.7 million Muslims. <CN> Muslims are already integrated into France. They drive our buses, educate our children and build the nation.
<HS> Muslims must integrate or leave France! <knowl> France is home to about five million Muslims, three out of five of them French citizens, experts estimate. In the aftermath of the Nov. 13 attacks across Paris, the law that would strip citizenship from French-born dual citizens accused of terrorism. The notion of stripping French nationality from dual citizens is a highly sensitive issue in France. This system lasted until the 1880s and the rise of the French Third Republic , when colonization intensified . The French Revolution invented the modern conception of national citizenship and formalized the ideal of civil equality. <CN> Muslims are French citizens, like all citizens of other faiths, religion can't call into question the nationality or citizenship guaranteed by the French Republic.
<HS> Muslims must integrate or leave France! <knowl> France, they tried to appease the Islamists in their midst and the Muslims. August 28, 2016Now in France, you have people kicking Muslims out of restaurants. Hence, in his view, France will actually do Muslim women a favor by banning it. Currently, the Ministry of the Interior estimates that under 10 percent of France's 1800 imams are trained in France. "We are in France, we are in a democractic country where everyone has the right to do what they want. <CN> Each Muslim has his place in France as long as he respects the country in which he lives!
<HS> Muslims must integrate or leave France! <knowl> I'm a huge fan of France -- of the country, the culture. There were insults like 'Go home', 'We don't want that here', 'France is a Catholic country'. The day after the Charlie Hebdo attack, France declared an official minute of silence across the country. We have too many memories of people who tried to leave too late from France, and other countries. "We are in France, we are in a democractic country where everyone has the right to do what they want. <CN> Born in France and Musulman, and I don't see why I would leave the country where I grew up!
<HS> Muslims must integrate or leave France! <knowl> This illustrates the need for Europe to rediscover its capacity to integrate. And the news isn't all good (or all bad) for Muslim integration. We will no longer settle for integration that does not work, we will require assimilation. The group says 7,000 Jews left France for Israel last year - a record number. Yet others have emphasized instead that Muslims in France remain distinctive on a number of key integration measures. <CN> Forced integration with a desire for assimilation is a dictatorship criterion.
<HS> If Islam is a modern religion, why are all Muslim countries backward and / or at war? <knowl> Don't you think it the non-muslims in the Islamic countries deserve anything? Pew survey found varying levels of support for the U.S. in Muslim countries—but no great hatred. The hatred for the non-muslims is built into the fabric of Islam, and all muslim countries implement that hatred in their laws which are derived from Sharia. They come from different countries and have one common denominator: Islam. The religion of Islam doesnt âask" for submission, it demands it. <CN> Western countries often come to these countries to stir up hatred.
<HS> If Islam is a modern religion, why are all Muslim countries backward and / or at war? <knowl> Western Muslims and the Future of Islam throws some light on Ramadan's idea of Islamic socialism, an ideology, combining religious principles with anticapitalist, anti-imperialist politics, that goes back to the time of the Russian Revolution. Most of Indonesia's 240 million people follow a moderate form of Islam. Conversely, Ramadan's defense of certain practices rooted in Islamic tradition creates much suspicion among those who might otherwise agree with his politics. These measures, which target Muslim women, are the product of three cumulated reasons; the first one specific to French politics, the other two shared by Europeans. That said, for a self-described religion of peace, Islam does claim a lot of lives. <CN> Backward? The woman has had the right to give her political opinion, to enjoy her salary, to divorce since the arrival of Islam. In France, women's right to vote dates from 1945, divorcing by mutual consent from 1792. 1907 women have the right to dispose of their salaries. Other dates?
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> Tell me, what religion do they NOT have a war with? Of course it should be permitted to go and fight, said Choudary. "Religion is too important to be left to those of religious faith. Whatever it's called, this ideology is very different from the religion of Islam. Islam is a militant religion, which calls for the extermination of everyone non muslim. <CN> Your words confirm that you ignore the definition of your words.
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> The religion of the Prophet is not one of polite conversation." That's because conventional wars best suit the U.S. way of war. The goal of war, Lewis contends, is to defeat the enemy's will to fight. Our image of an ideological war comes from the Cold War, another titanic struggle between opposing worldviews. [*2.218]...strove hard in the way of Allah...[*2.244] ...fight in the way of Allah[*3.121]...to lodge the believers in encampments for war... <CN> War 14_18 war 36_45? We emphasize the courage of Muslims during these wars.
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> Tell me, what religion do they NOT have a war with? Of course it should be permitted to go and fight, said Choudary. "Religion is too important to be left to those of religious faith. Whatever it's called, this ideology is very different from the religion of Islam. Islam is a militant religion, which calls for the extermination of everyone non muslim. <CN> Your words confirm that you do not know the definition of the words you use.
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> Our image of an ideological war comes from the Cold War, another titanic struggle between opposing worldviews. No religion condones the killing of innocents and the vast majority of ISIL's victims have been Muslim. "I dont think were at war with Islam, I dont think were at war with all Muslims," Clinton said. "We are not at war with Islam or Muslims," she continued. It's a cultural war that has to be waged by Muslims. <CN> War 14-18, war 39_45, point out the courage of these Muslims who died for France.
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> Religion is just another human invention to give definition of and license to hate the other. The indiscriminate killing of fellow Muslims is simply considered 'fortunes of war' to the leaders of the Islamic assaults. There is no love in Islam -- Only fear and hate. <CN> Islam lived in peace for centuries, it is a fact that your hate cannot deny.
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> Islam is a religion of peace and we must use its principals to fight the war against terror. If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. It is the war of all Muslims, but the Islamic State is spearheading it. <CN> Islam is a religion of peace and not of war.
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> at the end of the day, Islam is the religion of the country and the religion of most of its people. And fight them until persecution is no more, and religion is for Allah." <CN> It is hate massages that must be fought. Islam is a religion that invites people to live together and therefore not to fight.
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" You know for a fact that it's not a religion of peace. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. Juma' - Thanks for condemning so forcefully any acts of violence in the name of Islam. <CN> Islam is a religion of peace, love and brotherhood. It has never intended to kill or brutalize people.
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> Islam is a religion of peace and we must use its principals to fight the war against terror. The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam. If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. YOU are starting to sound silly with the perpetual defense of Islam - Islam is a religion of peace. Tabari 9:69 "Killing Unbelievers is a small matter to us" The words of Muhammad, prophet of Islam. <CN> Islam does not know war. Islam is the opposite of war. It is only love and peace.
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> Cardinal Theodore McCarrick added that attacking one religion in America is attacking them all. So far most of our leaders in this war against radical Islam have been pygmies. Overwhelming majorities of the world's Muslims reject violence against civilians in the name of Islam. Our children in America will always care more about Islamic Country's interest than US interest. <CN> Today, the fastest evolving religion in America and Europe is Islam. Is there a war in these regions now?
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> Our image of an ideological war comes from the Cold War, another titanic struggle between opposing worldviews. Tell me, what religion do they NOT have a war with? Some of history's most brutal wars have been holy wars, perpetrated by people who expected heavenly rewards for killing countless heretics. "The war against Afghanistan and Osama bin Laden is a war on Islam. "The skirmishes in the occupied land are part of a war of destiny. <CN> The armed war is the last resort to defend yourself against an oppressor.
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> He would say: Fight in the name of Allah and in the way of Allah. <CN> The Koran does not order war at all but peace and a gentle word. Allah says in the Qur'an: "By wisdom and good exhortation, call people to the path of your Lord. Discuss with them in the best way" (Sura 16 years-Nahl, verse 125)
<HS> Islam is a religion of war, we must all fight. <knowl> That is an extreme case of misreading the second world war - and ennobling good wars. As a veteran of the Civil War, Donovan supported the US effort in the first world war. The military historian Max Hastings has suggested that we should perhaps speak of the second world war not as the war but the wars. IN France and Germany, the traumas of the Second World War have to a degree erased memories of the First. The global aspects of the First World War should also provide constant fresh impetus. <CN> The wars waged by the Prophet were not bloodthirsty. During the 23 years of his prophecy, about 1000 deaths (1.5% of the soldiers) were recorded in 63 fights. The First World War killed 20 million people in just 4 years. The Second World War made 30 million in 6 years. However, it was not Muslims who led them.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> "And I am also afraid of the consequences on Muslims in France. On one hand, scholars have argued that large proportions of Muslims claim they feel French. In 2011, Gallup found that 56 percent of French Muslims felt Western societies "respected" Muslim societies. The survey appears to be one of the most comprehensive analyses of Muslim attitudes attempted in France. The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. <CN> No muslim. The majority of Muslims in France are French and Republicans.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Is there something wrong with being a Muslim in this country? "Trump elided over that and simply accepted the premise of the question. Yet the mistaken-identity narrative carries with it an unspoken, even unexamined premise. Still, the premise was that being gay was something to be ashamed of. Politicians are asked questions all the time on premises with which they disagree. <CN> So we start with the premise that they all come from a single country.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. Otherwise the future of the Muslim community of this country will be gone. Does the country have a history of serious violations of international human rights? While admitting the country had "issues around some of these matters" Mr Morrison said no country managed immigration as well as Australia. Sixty percent of the country is Muslim, and just over half are ethnic Malay. <CN> I am flattered that my city of Essonne is considered a country.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> So basically these countries have allowed Muslims to take over parts of their country, entire portions, towns. That to me is — why would France or any other country allow Muslims that have come into the country to basically take over portions of the country? I'm a huge fan of France -- of the country, the culture. This is a collapse of a country with a potential for religious clashes. Muslim minorities there seem to be less integrated than in other European countries. <CN> Our country is France! This is where we were born, this is where we grew up, this is where we pay our taxes and this is where we will die.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> The new party reflects the country's growing frustration with the failure to integrate the Muslims and the fear that they are a threat to Germany. We have countries within NATO that are taking advantage of us. Sarrazin was eventually forced to resign from Bundesbank, Germany's central bank. <CN> What country are you talking about? Where do you want to deport them? In Germany? Or maybe in Drancy? To read to you.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> "When I speak of war I speak of wars over interests, money, resources, not religion. Cazeneuve was speaking after a meeting with leaders of the French Council of the Muslim Religion. Such laws, however, reveal an authoritarian conception of secular principles that requires modern citizens to reject all public signs of religion. ""That is not compatible with the values of France," Valls said. The country does not collect its own statistics on religion in accordance with laws enshrining France's status as a secular state. <CN> Uh, how do you explain that? In your statement there is a mixture between the concept of citizenship and the concept of religion. Islam is my religion and France is my country. #dealwithit.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> They are questioning the principles of the French Republic, which is fraternity, equality, liberty and freedom. In theory, one of the main achievements of French republicanism is equality. In the name of equality and fraternity, liberty has been curtailed in France. But France's embrace of French equality should not entail a rejection of those who claim differences. In France, every French citizen is supposedly equal by law -- an ideal that was established during the French Revolution. <CN> I am French, I love my France: Liberty, Equality, Fraternity. Unfortunately there is not much French spirit left since long ago, they cut off its precious values.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. Here, pointing out someone's religion or ethnicity can come across as questioning whether they're fully French. But it does not even stop there as they also target general behavior they consider contrary to Islam. Nearly one in two Muslims are in low-paying jobs, as opposed to 30% of the country as whole. For example, 29 percent said sharia, the Islamic legal and moral code, should be more important than French national law. <CN> I am French, I have never felt that French as Islam.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> There is bad & good every where & in all races, creids, countries & religions. We are in their country where they practice their culture and their religion. In most countries, Muslims are much more worried about Islamic extremists than Christian extremists. The third majority Muslim country in the study is Turkey, which has a very different relationship with religion. Germany is a secular country, but the German legal framework approves of institutionalized religions in a biased way. <CN> You do not know maybe, but Islam is a religion, not a nationality.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Unlike my parents, my grandparents and my great-grandparents, I have proof. His parents divorced when he was three, and he lived in households headed by grandparents and great-grandparents. For them the war between generations is the new version of their parents' (and grandparents', and great-grandparents') class war. We understand what our parents and our grandparents and our great-grandparents taught us — if you work hard, this is the country to be, Obama told one Iowa crowd. Many of us are alive today because, throughout the 19th and 20th centuries, our parents, grandparents and great-grandparents fled government persecution in Europe and other parts of the world. <CN> I was born in France from French parents, grandparents and great-grandparents. I'm going back to where? In Gaulle?
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> "At present, British law protects people on the basis of their colour, race or ethnic origin but not their religion. These self-determined categories are currently based on a number of factors, including: sex, religious affiliation, gender, race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or serious illness. There was never a dearth of anti-Arab and anti-Muslim sentiments in this country. Religion is an important way in which people define themselves and employers need to learn how to manage people of different religions as the workplace becomes more and more diverse. There were insults like 'Go home', 'We don't want that here', 'France is a Catholic country'. <CN> Ethnic origin and religious affiliation cannot be superimposed, as the same country may have people of different denominations. This is also what makes our sweet France so rich.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> There's a geographic boundary: Nigerian Muslims tend to live in north, while Christians live in the south, Griswold says. But we don't think all Christians are Timothy McVeighs, do we? Amin criticized France and other countries for offering asylum to Christian families. Muslims, on the other hand, can think that much in Christianity foretold theirs. South Park has poked more fun at Jesus and Christianity then any other topic. <CN> Unfortunately, Muslimstan does not exist. Religions/beliefs/philosophies/systems thinking transcend geographic boundaries and admit no limits except those which man attaches himself. Jesus is born in Nazareth. For this reason, Christians and Jews should settle there? Get serious.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> The majority of Americans have never stepped foot inside a mosque. One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. But when the Muslims have left the country, what happens next? The first asked how serious a threat Muslims posed to the country. "We don't have any ties to any other countries," he said. <CN> No, I just cannot because I am an Arab outside and a French inside.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> "But France lacks the breadth to pursue such an aggressive policy. Traditionally Catholic France formally separated church and state with a 1905 law. The tragedy in France has had an astounding effect throughout the world. The five other world powers are Britain, China, France, Germany and Russia. Hence the contrast one experiences in Marseille, France's second largest city. <CN> Diversity is an enrichment, do not try to impoverish France!
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> From there she reportedly crossed into Syria on 8 January, failing to use her return ticket booked for 9 January. I'm a huge fan of France -- of the country, the culture. Muslim minorities there seem to be less integrated than in other European countries. "This is a secular country and I have a right to an opinion. I love these self-proclaimed experts who speak about a imaginary country they call France. <CN> To return, I will need a return ticket to France.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> I lost Lebanon, my country of birth, to radical Islam, she wrote. The resulting violence and forcible expulsion of Muslim communities were predictable. One of my Muslim friends said, "I have two young children. I don't blame American people when they get scared of Muslims. Historians estimate that up to 30 percent of enslaved blacks were Muslims. <CN> Ah I didn't know that by becoming a Muslim it was suddenly possible to change your country of birth.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Our country has lost a pioneer woman, our community has lost a gracious leader, and our family has lost a dear friend. It could simply be that the country is desperately in need of a laugh these days, but the situation comedy is showing renewed signs of life. She said she purchased the 550-acre dairy farm as a place where her grandchildren — the children of her only child, Nion, and his then-wife, Ira — could feel the country. Whether she was helping get the Peace Corps program off the ground, overseeing The Chronicle or building one of the best olive oil companies in the country, Nan always did things at full speed. The race to replace Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, a Republican, began as a fairly quiet contest focused on health care and jobs before shifting abruptly when thousands of immigrant children began pouring into the country and some settled in the state. <CN> This question should not even be imagined and lived together, what should we do with it?
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Ours is a country based upon tolerance and we welcome people of all faiths in America. people born in the country, raised in its schools and newly drawn to a re-examination of their ancestors faith. So faith is defended, but only in a rather weak way. I'm ashamed people who think like this exist in our country. Follow Acts of Faith on Twitter or sign up for our newsletter. <CN> We do not need your validation to live our faith, only through tolerance.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> It is as follows:The poorest country in the Western World is a Christian country. There is no country in the world that is more racked by terrorism than Syria, Turnbull said. A sweeping, 226-page report from the Pew Forum explores attitudes and opinions from Muslim communities around the world. Still, wide majorities in many countries say they see no such conflict, from the Middle East to Southeast Asia to Europe. It's about my friends, my family and everyone who comes from a background similar to mine, anywhere in the world." <CN> Speech from someone who doesn't open up to the world.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Finally, historical accounts show that the French colonial administration in Senegal did not favor Catholic over Muslim converts. Aalso showed that four of the five most radicalized Muslim populations in the world are in countries of French culture. I am so ashamed, tweeted the French feminist Caroline De Haas. What sets France on a particular collision course with Islamic practices is the country's radical brand of secularism — and this ideology's impact on French Muslim life. There's also a big difference in how the French are received. <CN> I have no accountability. I was born in France, grew up in France, educated in France and working in France. So I'm French whether you like it or not.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> We are a country in which freedom prevails and ... if this doesn't enchant some people, well too bad for them. In France, which has Europe's largest Muslim population, about 5 million of the country's 64 million people are believed to be Muslim. "The ban had strong support from France's leading parties on left and right, in a country where some people equate the veils with extremism and security risks. The change in behaviour is even more acute among younger people. <CN> People forget to tell that our fathers built France, which was destroyed during the second war. What ingratitude.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Mosques will need to double in France to cater for the country's Muslim population, the French Muslim Council has claimed. Young French Muslims, often treated as un-French, feel alienated and powerless. Mr. Sarkozy said that in the republic, the Muslim religion must be respected like other religions. Rather than calling their country the Central African Republic, they can call it the Central African Catholic Republic. In Algeria , the Muslims were not considered French and did not share the same political or economic benefits . <CN> Long live the Republic and long live France! Proud to be French Muslim.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Every terrorist act carried out in the name of Islam profoundly affects all Muslims, alienating them from fellow citizens and deepening the misperceptions about their faith's ethos. Of course not all Central Africans, Muslim or Christians, have the slightest interest in killing fellow citizens of the other religion. To young Muslims, he said: You fit in here, right here. Even the way most Muslim women have to dress is not right. "Elsewhere in the country, tens of thousands of Muslims are fleeing Christian militias. <CN> Muslims are not a nation. Muslims are found in various countries. And a French Muslim has his rightful place in France in this country, which is his own, in which he lives in peace with all his fellow citizens.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> "This is a secular country and I have a right to an opinion. So basically these countries have allowed Muslims to take over parts of their country, entire portions, towns. The world is globalizing and that includes migrations across countries and regions, usually for economic benefits both to migrating individuals and the receiving countries. Several European countries also banned thewhile others are debating similar laws. Public opinion is one of those linchpins, and it can turn. <CN> I was born in France. In your opinion which country should I go to?
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. That combination did it in various countries through world history and it is still used in the Islamic countries of the Middle East. Islam is not compatible with our society, our country, our laws," he said. In their hearts they remain their ethnic identity, religion, or country of origin. Those who would do their country harm do not deserve to be called Muslims. <CN> A Muslim does not have a country of his own! A native French man with another religion can convert to Islam if he wishes: in this case he will go or?
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Our country has lost a pioneer woman, our community has lost a gracious leader, and our family has lost a dear friend. It could simply be that the country is desperately in need of a laugh these days, but the situation comedy is showing renewed signs of life. She said she purchased the 550-acre dairy farm as a place where her grandchildren — the children of her only child, Nion, and his then-wife, Ira — could feel the country. Whether she was helping get the Peace Corps program off the ground, overseeing The Chronicle or building one of the best olive oil companies in the country, Nan always did things at full speed. The race to replace Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, a Republican, began as a fairly quiet contest focused on health care and jobs before shifting abruptly when thousands of immigrant children began pouring into the country and some settled in the state. <CN> This implies that I came from a part where I was born here.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> "He said he was concerned the decision could have reverberations in other European countries. But exactly how many are they, and which countries are providing most of the fighters? Although these 12 countries are probably the main suppliers of foreign fighters to Syria, there is ample evidence that other European countries have people there too. The countries of the EU have long histories of welcoming migrants, but in recent years two significant trends have emerged. But the Swiss ban in minarets, sponsored by the country's largest political party, was one of the most extreme reactions. <CN> After You, because most of the racists are of European and other origin, very few native French.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Religious Tensions in Myanmar: In western Myanmar, Muslims and Buddhists clash. America needs more Muslims about as much as France needs more Muslims. In detailing these new plans, he didn't even say the word "Muslim. "When he says there are corrupt governments in the Muslim world, everyone agrees. In most countries, Muslims are much more worried about Islamic extremists than Christian extremists. <CN> If all Muslims left, there would be no economy in France, who would still pay pensions?
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> I'm a huge fan of France -- of the country, the culture. Muslim minorities there seem to be less integrated than in other European countries. A Muslim man told us about a raid on his home near Paris. "French Jews are French, and they want to continue living in the country. France, the country with the highest Muslim population, according to Pew, has the most favorable view, while the United Kingdom, home of a recent "halal pizza" scandal, has the least negative view. <CN> I have a home and I live in France, so I do not understand what you mean?
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> French authorities are warning the nation against linking French Muslims with terrorists. French LGBT advocates see Fillon in much the same way that French Muslims do. Many of the debate's critics fear it could lead to the stigmatization of French Muslims. In 2011, Gallup found that 56 percent of French Muslims felt Western societies "respected" Muslim societies. Cazeneuve was speaking after a meeting with leaders of the French Council of the Muslim Religion. <CN> That's it. They are there! French Muslims are in France.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> If Tiger Woods is a christian by religion what is wrong? Gosh, could it be that fundamentalist Christians dislike ALL other religions? The same Christians made the laws of buying selling and owning humans. The Christians at one time had their own version of the Taliban. Interestingly, Muslim extremists think the same way as you regarding their religion! <CN> Muslims do not exist, nor does Buddhism or Christianity. Islam is a religion and not a country. Each country has its own citizens, and often not all citizens have the same religion.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Our country, like every other, needs to take concerted action to safeguard its borders and its citizens. The third majority Muslim country in the study is Turkey, which has a very different relationship with religion. I caught up with Warren after the panel and asked him directly how he thought about religious diversity. Germany is a secular country, but the German legal framework approves of institutionalized religions in a biased way. Across the 19 countries in the survey, Christians and Muslims both associated positive traits with the other religion. <CN> Which one? A religion has no borders, no more than any other belief or thought, whether religious or not.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. It is as follows:The poorest country in the Western World is a Christian country. They say they crave declarations that remind the country Muslim Americans are just as American as anyone else. Pew is also mapping the Christian population, its projected growth country-by-country, and Christians' beliefs and practices. Over all, about a third of the country thought more than half, most or all Muslims supported ISIS. <CN> On the contrary, there is no country called Muslim or Muslimmania does not yet exist.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> It also has devout Muslim tourists skittish, since it applies to visitors as well as French citizens. If things continue in this direction, the French government might ban overt Christian expression in public, too. Backers said the growing Muslim population was straining the country "because Muslims don't just practice religion. Being a Republican does not mean choosing between our father and our mother, our country and our religion. One anti-immigrant leader has compared scenes of Muslims praying in French streets to the Nazi occupation of the 1940s. <CN> I am a Muslim. It is my religion. I am French. It is my country, 2 different things.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> The hurricane quickly intensified as it turned north - northwestward . Further north , strong gusts were reported across New England . Another change , further north , was approved on March 4 , 1968 . Further north , Alma produced 44 mph ( 71 km / h ) wind gusts and 2 . 18 in ( 55 mm ) in Savannah , Georgia . On September 2 , gale warnings extended further north into Nantucket , Massachusetts . <CN> It is impossible, the musulmanie was swallowed up long ago, the same time as Atlantis, located 2km further north.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Brigitte's husband, who is French, suggests it is Muslims who might owe France something right now. "And I am also afraid of the consequences on Muslims in France. A Muslim man told us about a raid on his home near Paris. Many of the debate's critics fear it could lead to the stigmatization of French Muslims. In 2011, Gallup found that 56 percent of French Muslims felt Western societies "respected" Muslim societies. <CN> Most French Muslims were born in France, how do they actually return home?
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> One was a plane ticket to New York and the other was a concert ticket to see her favorite band, Timeflies. There is one country, however, that has managed to avoid the violence: Morocco. Ready to redeem your frequent-flier miles and reward points for a plane ticket? Symone proclaimed on The View she had a plane ticket and was ready to leave. He booked his plane ticket and went to the town, scouring streets until he found his family. <CN> If you pay me a plane ticket to Morocco, I go with pleasure. Just before booking the ticket, pass me a call, I would give you my availability. And if you know a good plan to rent a riad, I'm all ears.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> We are naiive if we think Islam can co-exist with Christianity. I lost Lebanon, my country of birth, to radical Islam, she wrote. Really?That's why Egypt, a supposedly "moderate" Muslim country, will not recognize people who change their religion from Islam to another. Im sure that any of (islam,judeisim, or christianity) books will HELP you. Our country was founded on the principle of religious freedom, and that includes Islam. <CN> Islam is a religion, not a nationality. You can be French Muslim just like French Jewish or Christian or other.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> As a student of history, I also know civilization's debt to Islam. That combination did it in various countries through world history and it is still used in the Islamic countries of the Middle East. Throughout history, Islam and Muslims have played a pivotal role in America's progress. Loyalty to one's nation is an integral part of a Muslim's faith. We need not look at history alone to appreciate the connectedness of Islam and America. <CN> Islam is an integral part of the history of the nation.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. I'm a huge fan of France -- of the country, the culture. Gujarat has the highest economic growth rate for Muslims in the country. France is perhaps the most utopian country in the world, Oubrou said. Perhaps in no country are the corrosive effects more visible than in France. <CN> My country is France. I contribute fully to its growth and development.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> The country of 11.5 million, counts four major native languages (French, Dutch, Flemish and German). I am so ashamed, tweeted the French feminist Caroline De Haas. But when the Muslims have left the country, what happens next? You grow up in one country and you live in one place. But some French Muslims resent them for being exceptionally integrated and powerful. <CN> Which country should I return to? I am French. If you know of a country called Islamland or Islamistan, please let me know.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Otherwise the future of the Muslim community of this country will be gone. It appears to be tied to a string of derogatory notes directed at Muslims across the country. In total, 39 countries and territories were included, all of which had over 10 million Muslims living there. Using proportionate bubbles, it maps the size of Muslims communities worldwide. The second question asked what share of Muslims worldwide supported ISIS. <CN> We are already in ours dear French country of Muslim confession.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> The JMA sends foreigners to fight on the frontlines, without exception. Many foreigners I know volunteer for suicide missions against Assad forces. Calls to the foreign affairs office in Ordos rang unanswered Sunday. Aid workers and other foreigners have been attacked increasingly by insurgents. The center-left Friedrich Ebert Foundation poll in October showed that more than 30 percent of Germans believe the country is being overrun by foreigners. <CN> I can also say foreigners return to your country too.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> We know that in many other countries Muslims have it worse. On one hand, scholars have argued that large proportions of Muslims claim they feel French. The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. Muslims have been on these shores before the founding of our country and our lineage as American Muslims runs deep. Eight out of 10 French Muslims argued that school canteens should offer halal options — a controversial demand in some French towns. <CN> I am Muslim and French and proud of being here.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> The so-called peace ring appeared to be welcomed by Jewish leaders in the country. Our country, like every other, needs to take concerted action to safeguard its borders and its citizens. And yet, Saint-Mandé Mayor Patrick Beaudoin said, the country also needs to defend its Jewish population at all costs. We believe if we have a Jewish ambassador and Jews in the Shura Council, this is a positive indicator for the country. "The bulk of Jews in France, however, are not ready to give up on their country, said Noam Meghira, vice president of the French Union of Jewish Students. <CN> If you mean leave your country, what would you say to our Jewish and Christian citizens?
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Im very sorry that my country is doing this to you. And this is why I dont only promote, for example, citizenship. So when you haveâ¦legitimate fears, to these legitimate fears you have to respond. Meanwhile, many other countries have large Sunni majorities, including Egypt, Jordan and Saudi Arabia. Many have expressed hopes to see such freedoms enjoyed in their own respective countries. <CN> I'm probably more legitimate in my French citizenship status than you are with your hatefulness.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Former Prime Minister Massimo D'Alema described Berlusconi's remark as "a grave error" and "a racist comment." Leaked emails from a University of Chicago fraternity have revealed a years-long lineage of racist and misogynistic comments. Claiming a person can't do their job because of their race is sort of like the textbook definition of a racist comment. If there was anything racist in my comments I'm sure Facebook would have deleted it or I would have been reported by people. Meanwhile, European leaders, all with strong contingents of immigrant Muslims in their own countries, immediately distanced themselves from Berlusconi's comments on so-called Western superiority. <CN> Your comments are racist and are subject to criminal sanctions.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Just two weeks since the election, it's obvious that Trump has no interest in separating his personal wealth from his political agenda. Though the country is rich with oil wealth, the cities are full of beggars and prostitutes -- it's common to see police officers brazenly demanding money at checkpoints, she says. How can America help other nations when our own country needs cleaning? And He made you inherit their lands, their homes, and their wealth. That's why the country is so divided now!No, the singer retorted. <CN> The wealth of a country is its mixing if you can't stand it, then return to your country as an intolerant person.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Muslims in different countries were committed to their faith for different reasons, he says. If you look throughout the country's history, you see harmony in every century. Ours is a country based upon tolerance and we welcome people of all faiths in America. It was an international work place which means that people from several countries and faiths were murdered on that day. Speaking in an overwhelmingly Muslim country which has a tiny but culturally significant Christian minority, the pope pointedly said all faiths should share the same rights. <CN> History shows that it is the state that brought many foreign workers of all faiths, you have to accept his inheritance.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Across the country, the 100,000 killed during the war haunt the living. We want both sides to work together to live in peace side-by-side. The two have so much in common, and we have seen signs of the two living peacefully. Many leaders of the LTTE were CHRISTIANS.Hindus and Buddhists have lived in peace for over 2,500 years. Out of fear, 300,000 of Rohingyas fled the country to live in Bangladesh near Ramu where the Buddhist sites were burnt. <CN> Do you think that community withdrawal is the solution to peace and living it together?
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> They are racist fanatics who call themselves Muslims, permitting the murder of thousands. Our country is experiencing a political crisis which, I fear, threatens the social peace. Racist incidents feared to be linked to Brexit resultIt had logged many reports of Muslims and others being taunted with 'go back home!' or similar sentiments. Donald Trump called for a total and complete shutdown of the country's borders to Muslims. Tahir wasn't the only Muslim-American actor to benefit from the religious revisions to Iron Man. <CN> Who is the most at home, who is rejecting the other by fear or the Muslim who home. The only country of the racist is the person and only him!
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Those people clearly believe that Islam is a religion of violence. One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. "Christianity and Islam could both be growing at the expense of other religions. In most countries, Muslims are much more worried about Islamic extremists than Christian extremists. <CN> As all the religions, Islam is universal and do not have a specific country.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. It is as follows:The poorest country in the Western World is a Christian country. Pew is also mapping the Christian population, its projected growth country-by-country, and Christians' beliefs and practices. They demanded the country be suspended from the Olympic Games:While Muslims are slaughtered in Myanmar the athlets of this country are allowed to participate in the Olympic Games. Posted by: Arif2 | July 12, 2010 4:35 PMReport Offensive CommentAs Salaamu Alaikum wa Rahmatullahi wa BarakatuThere is no such thing as a Muslim country, only Muslim populated countries. <CN> There is a Muslim country ?? Either I'm noob in geography or there is a problem with your proposition.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> I don't want them to grow up in a country where Muslims are looked upon with suspicion. Muslims have been on these shores before the founding of our country and our lineage as American Muslims runs deep. Everybody can profess their own religion, but we are still one country and one people.[Do Muslims and Christians worship the same god? "The Amnesty International report said international peacekeepers in the country must do more to protect Muslim communities and rein in the anti-balaka militias. "Here at this mosque, and across our country and around the world, Muslim leaders are roundly and repeatedly and consistently condemning terrorism," he said. <CN> They do. My neighbor Jean Dupont (a Muslim) went back to Ardèche recently.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> We as American Muslim communities must be seen and treated as citizens of our country and not as suspects. Muslims have been on these shores before the founding of our country and our lineage as American Muslims runs deep. Muslims literally helped build this country under forced slave labor—our blood sweat and tears are just as important a contribution as anyone's. One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. But when the Muslims have left the country, what happens next? <CN> There is such a thing as musulmanie, I did not know.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> So basically these countries have allowed Muslims to take over parts of their country, entire portions, towns. We have countries within NATO that are taking advantage of us. That to me is — why would France or any other country allow Muslims that have come into the country to basically take over portions of the country? I'm a huge fan of France -- of the country, the culture. France is perhaps the most utopian country in the world, Oubrou said. <CN> I was born in France and thus converted. Now I go to musulmanie because you want me to invent this country.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Or, similar to the tolerance shown in India to local Christians and other minorities. It is as follows:The poorest country in the Western World is a Christian country. Hindus have lived with Buddhists, Jains, Jews, Christians, Zoroastrians, and Muslims for thousands of years. CLEARTHINKING: Hindus have lived with Buddhists, Jains, Jews, Christians, Zoroastrians, and Muslims for thousands of years. In India, in the past two years, hundreds of Christian's have been murdered by Hindu mobs. <CN> Christians, go to the Vatican. Jews, go to Palestine. Buddhists go to India! Everyone should live his religion where he was born.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> French authorities are warning the nation against linking French Muslims with terrorists. French LGBT advocates see Fillon in much the same way that French Muslims do. Many of the debate's critics fear it could lead to the stigmatization of French Muslims. In 2011, Gallup found that 56 percent of French Muslims felt Western societies "respected" Muslim societies. Pushing back against fears of "communalism," 78 percent said they did not vote specifically for Muslim candidates. <CN> And where would French Muslims go? Many are the inhabitants of Reunion Island, Mayotte, the descendants of the inhabitants of the colonies (Maghreb, Black Africa..) who have been Muslims and French for generations.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Support is weakest in post-Soviet countries, as well as in Pakistan. There is, in other words, no such thing as a monolithic Muslim worldview. No such thing is happening, and you wonder where I got such a crazy idea? Memo to Muslims and haters alike: There's no such thing as a monolithic Muslim community. We as American Muslim communities must be seen and treated as citizens of our country and not as suspects. <CN> There is no such thing as Musulmania to emigrate to.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. Just because you share an ethnic group or religion, you shouldn't have to pass a loyalty oath to be considered a loyal American. It is as follows:The poorest country in the Western World is a Christian country. With their mindless bloodlust for killing innocents, the terrorists are waging war not against any single religion or ethnic group or country, but against civilization itself. Backers said the growing Muslim population was straining the country "because Muslims don't just practice religion. <CN> France is not defined by a religion or an ethnic group. It is the country of all those who recognize themselves in its values
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Our country has lost a pioneer woman, our community has lost a gracious leader, and our family has lost a dear friend. It could simply be that the country is desperately in need of a laugh these days, but the situation comedy is showing renewed signs of life. She said she purchased the 550-acre dairy farm as a place where her grandchildren — the children of her only child, Nion, and his then-wife, Ira — could feel the country. Whether she was helping get the Peace Corps program off the ground, overseeing The Chronicle or building one of the best olive oil companies in the country, Nan always did things at full speed. The race to replace Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, a Republican, began as a fairly quiet contest focused on health care and jobs before shifting abruptly when thousands of immigrant children began pouring into the country and some settled in the state. <CN> But which one? I really do not know which to choose!
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> He said Sollecito went voluntarily to police to surrender his passport and ID papers. Some people have reported difficulties trying to enter or leave the country without a valid passport. However, there are a handful of countries that don't require that you carry a passport. But the court demanded that Sollecito turn over his passport and ID papers to prevent him from leaving the country. That makes 15 states which require a photo id to vote. <CN> My passport and my ID is formal: I'm already there.
<HS> Muslims: return to your country. <knowl> Both countries have a lower standard of living than the average for Turkey, Eurostat said. Those countries in the VHHDI have relatively healthier, more educated populations that have a high standard of living. Iran, on the other hand, is an overwhelmingly Shiite Muslim country. The United Nations designed the Human Development Index (HDI) to measure the health, standard of living and education of each country. On the other hand, majorities of Muslims in many countries — particularly Western countries — find these practices abhorrent. <CN> If you give us back everything your countries plundered during colonial imperialism, it can be negotiated. But if, on the other hand, you think that Muslims do not deserve to have the standard of living of Europeans, then your life will be unhappy.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? To understand it one must go deeper into the Muslim worldview. Sure, Americans are happy to have Muslims go to their mosques. No muslim can easily give up Islam without endangering his life. Muslims are responsible for more terrorist incidents than everyone sles combined. <CN> #islamophobia. Muslims are not a homogeneous mass and misanthropy is not unique to Muslims.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> There are those who will applaud King for associating the phrase "American Muslim community" with the phrase "who our enemy truly is. Imagine a young man, a Muslim, who changes in troubling ways. But when the Muslims have left the country, what happens next? "Mughal said the party has benefited from Muslim frustration with Labour. In other words, King suspects that the Muslim community is somehow complicit. <CN> Stop for a moment, you are creating a permanent enemy.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Muslims can't be Muslims and at the same time be American. America needs more Muslims about as much as France needs more Muslims. Muslims scored just 40.That score excludes Muslim respondents' views about other Muslims. Hostility toward Muslims in America exists alongside a lack of familiarity with Muslims. However, many Muslims do believe that America must back away from the Muslim world. <CN> Firstly, you are making yourself essential and secondly, you want to create from scratch a hostile climate to Muslims.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> The message to ignore the "American" in American Muslim starts here. The guy just comes up behind and shoots, the source said. The Muslim world cannot be defined by race or culture either. Live chat with Ibrahim Moiz, a Muslim lawyer in Fairfax County. Farah Pandith was appointed special representative to Muslim Communities in 2009. <CN> Could you provide us with supporting evidence (questionnaires and methodologies used.)? Sources?
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> They found Bush easy to stereotype as a belligerent, Muslim-hating cowboy. ACCUSED MUSLIM-HATING MAN DENIES THREATENING WOMAN IN BROOKLYNHe continues, F--k you Muslims. "In fact, I know a number of Muslims who hate Jews and are not self hating. No country likes its Muslim borders, Greece hates Turkey, India hates Pakistan, Egypt hates Israel, Sudan hates... <CN> If you continue hating them it can be the case. You should treat people the way that you want to be treated.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> They depict Muslims and non-Muslims sharing how they define their personal struggles. Muslims scored just 40.That score excludes Muslim respondents' views about other Muslims. Hostility toward Muslims in America exists alongside a lack of familiarity with Muslims. Ramadan is our opportunity as Muslims and non-Muslims to truly integrate with one another. According to Boubakar Bekri, head of the regional Council for the Muslim Faith, at least 12 Muslim families in Nice are known to have lost loved ones. <CN> Try to change the word 'Muslim', it is repeated twice and it isn't so nice.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> The rally's central message, which was directed at the anti-Muslim demonstrators of the Pegida movement as much as at radical Islam, was that diversity is Germany's strength. For many non-Muslims, for example, the idea of Shariah conjures images of Islamic State beheadings or the oppression of women. I think that will lead to a changed picture of Islam. Hundreds of Belgian Muslims — as many as 500, according to one estimate — have gone to Syria and Iraq to fight for ISIS, making Belgium by far Europe's leading supplier of foreign jihadists. Hatred of foreigners, racism and extremism have no place in this country. <CN> Loving one's fellow is one of the mottos of Islam, especially for the foreigners.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Muslims in the mystic category reflect universal humanism, believing in "peace with all." Go find a Muslim with her/his family in the park and see how he is a human. I think some of the moderate Muslims living in the more Islamic extremist countries are trying to speak out. As for moderate Muslims living in radical Islamic countries, I believe we're kind of on the same page. "Representing some Muslims' choices for peace and tolerance as simply one of the possible Islamic alternatives is not helpful. <CN> Islam means peace, may peace be with you, my brothers and sisters in humanity.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> how come no outrage of more Muslim murdering Muslim with the uzbeks? Muslims scored just 40.That score excludes Muslim respondents' views about other Muslims. Hostility toward Muslims in America exists alongside a lack of familiarity with Muslims. Bingham: When you became a Muslim, the religion was perceived as anti-white. I also heard that Muslims were biased against other religions," Prince told Al Jazeera. <CN> Muslims recognize all the religions of the book and have to get well with others.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Tagging all Muslims with the crimes of a few is fundamentally wrong and it's also counterproductive, Turnbull said. Authorizing the weekly surveillance of American Muslim students solely predicated on the fact that they are Muslim is wrong. He is a Christian and yet denying being a Muslim implies that there is something wrong with being a Muslim. In one verse, Muslims are instructed: "Let there be one community of you, calling good and commanding right and forbidding wrong" (3:110). What matters is not what Muslims tell us they stand for. <CN> Look around you, and if you are honest you will see that this is wrong.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Why are the existing laws of the muslim countries so hateful towards the non-muslims? All of humanity, whether Muslim or non-Muslim, is threatened by the forces of Islamist extremism. "In the face of this atrocity, we all need to stand together as Muslims and non-Muslims. Where ever the number of muslims have grown to a significant minority, problems for the non-muslims have multiplied. Al-Shabab separated non-Muslims from Muslims on a bus on Nov. 22, 2014, and killed 28 non-Muslims. <CN> This is false, the majority of Muslims coexist peacefully with non-Muslims.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Islamic scholars say banning non-Muslims from using Allah is unique to Malaysia. Arab traders spread Islam and Arab culture here, infusing the Malay language with words like Allah. Assuming they have similar incomes, which of the two Muslims is more likely to get the apartment? "Muslim (1:30) - "The Messenger of Allah said: I have been commanded to fight against people so long as they do not declare that there is no god but Allah. <CN> Racists do not like people. Muslims like everyone in Allah.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> There's a more concrete way of looking at discrimination against Muslims. Of course, there's going to be discrimination in America of every kind. It isn't just about what happened to me - increasingly Muslims are a part of a cycle of discrimination that targets them due to their appearance. "Muslim claims of religious discrimination at work peaked in the year after the 9/11 attacks. Muslim Americans constitute 1-2% of the population but account for about 5% of the country's physicians. <CN> False Muslims meet like all their fellow citizens throughout their journey, all come out of people at school at work who are places of socialization. They move away from hateful people and stigmatization of course. And discrimination can lead them to exclude themselves for fear of confrontation.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> In the song below, Muslim hip hop groupexpresses their frustration with the negative media coverage of Islamic culture. Hostility toward Muslims in America exists alongside a lack of familiarity with Muslims. American Muslim communities need to seize the opportunity that was missed with 9/11. At the same most Muslims want to preserve the Islamic foundations of their society and want their public life to be infused with Islamic principles. Any non-Muslim action offends Islam and results in uprisings and threats, such as in Amsterdam, with opposition to Mohammed cartoons and films about Islam. <CN> False Islam is open to all religions with respect for each other.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> But until we gain a critical and unified mass, the murders will continue—of Christians, Hindus, Shia Muslims and atheists, among others. Those prayers are held by Christians, Jews, Muslims, Hindus, and others who serve in those facilities. The speech also briefly united Muslim and Jewish groups in outrage over what they called the Baptists' intolerance of other religions. Others have taken to mocking the vigilantes through posts to a fake Twitter account set up in the group's name. What are what that was happening in -- -- yes you buy these other things to express protest against something they don't like. <CN> Fake! Absolutely wrong! Tolerance, respect, wisdom and peace among other things are the values
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> True Muslims know or should know that it goes against our religion to try and force Islam on anybody. "Many Muslims want religion to play a role in politics," he says. Why is a Muslim not allowed to depart Islam, under punishment of death? In their hearts they remain their ethnic identity, religion, or country of origin. <CN> Islam is a non-racist religion where everyone is respected regardless of their origin and religion.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? To understand it one must go deeper into the Muslim worldview. Sure, Americans are happy to have Muslims go to their mosques. Live chat with Ibrahim Moiz, a Muslim lawyer in Fairfax County. Like the cartoons, media representations of Muslims tend to be negative. <CN> I would probably be far away if that were true.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> U.S. Muslims believe different things and honor their faith in different ways. I believe that American Muslims have much to accomplish in the way of developing a uniquely American community -- nationally and locally. I wish that the liberal Muslims here could be the ones teaching things that go back to extermists, rather than the other way round. Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? This is a real problem that Muslims must confront, without excuse. <CN> So far you've shown that it is the other way around.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> In contrast freedom of religion for Jews, Christians and muslims is allowed in Israel. What is clear is that these incidents were committed by Muslims, not Christians or Jews, but Muslims. Posted by: tjhall1 | January 27, 2010 1:25 PM Report Offensive CommentÂ«People who hate Jews also hate Muslims. Â» Posted by Eboo Patel | January 25, 2010; 9:28 AM ETO Eboo, *some* people who hate Jews also hate Muslims. <CN> This is not true, Muslims have lived in perfect cohesion with it. Other people who had different religions even welcomed Jews at the time were persecuted.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> At the same time, these same Muslims indicate a desire for better relations based upon respect for Islam and Muslims. Nearly one in 10 American physicians are Muslim—a reflection of Islam's fundamental obligation on Muslims to serve all humanity. Muslim practitioners must extend love toward entire creation of Allah, he said. It is an essential part of Islamic teachings to respect human life. Many great non-Muslims have said great things about the prophet of Islam. <CN> No, on the contrary Islam promotes the love of his neighbor, a Muslim or not. Simply human.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Just another case showing how awful religion is for our world. True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion. This article is a must read for all muslims in the world. <CN> This is false Islam and most fraternal of religion for all the world.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> The Muslims only started to help the synagogue by chance, explains Leavor. Children are beaten up at school and called terrorist and live in fear. He was born to a Muslim father and spent four years in predominantly-Muslim Indonesia, growing up and going to school with Muslim friends. These schools learned to live side-by-side with tension, yes, but also mutual respect. The more successful Muslim empires figured out institutionalized systems to allow different schools to coexist in society. <CN> Wrong. The school of the republic teaches us tolerance and living together. I had the chance to spend a few years there.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> But for various reasons having to do with its complex relationship with Orthodox Christianity, the Turkish government protested. Bartholomew I, who is based in Istanbul and has waged his own religious battles with the Turkish government. An emporium filled with spices and delicacies on the Turkish walking safari of Auburn, a suburb of Sydney. It took the unusual step of issuing its press release in Arabic as well as German, French, Italian and English. Even Alevi populations among the Kurds and Balkan Muslims pray in Turkish, testifying to the essentially Turkish nature of Alevism. <CN> I grew up in a neighborhood with French, Italian, Portuguese, Turkish, Vietnamese,. How could I have hated them? Instead I loved them even more!
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> "And I am also afraid of the consequences on Muslims in France. Anti-Muslim incidents in France have seen a marked increase since the attacks at French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. Secularism, states france.fr, France's official information website, is a French invention. But the CFCM needs to represent all Muslims in France - especially its youth. Hence, in his view, France will actually do Muslim women a favor by banning it. <CN> Muslims fought 2 wars in France and helped to rebuild France but that's because they hate the French.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> American Muslims are not asking for special rights, just the same rights as all other Americans. Why aren't American Muslims by the thousands flocking to fight for ISIS, Al Qaeda, and other terrorist organizations? This applies just to moderate Muslims living in extremist Muslim countries. There are many Muslims who have even given their lives for America. Muslims have some bad apples among them just like any other community. <CN> Respect for others is the basis of living together and Islam respects everyone.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Muslim women living in non-Muslim majority nations frequently lack intellectually and professionally equal Muslim partners. Moreover, he believes that European Muslims can become an example to Muslims in the Middle East. All of humanity, whether Muslim or non-Muslim, is threatened by the forces of Islamist extremism. What is the relationship of the need to follow Shariah to Muslims living in non-Muslim societies? His remarks reflect a widely held view that Muslims are bound to wage war against non-Muslims. <CN> Muslims take as an example a man who respected his uncle who was not a believer and who respected all his commitments to non-Muslim.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Virginia licensed its first Muslim-owned funeral home last month, in Woodbridge. A network of Muslim Arbitration Tribunals (MATs) has been set up with Home Office support. In another seven London council areas, more than a quarter of all school-age children are from Muslim homes. The eight-part series, All-American Muslim, was filmed in Dearborn, Michigan, home to the largest population of Arab-Americans in the U.S. You have a massive following and are successfully leading a movement to demonize Islam in the liberal left, a place many American Muslims call home. <CN> I invite you to my home and you come away with new knowledge.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Hostility toward Muslims in America exists alongside a lack of familiarity with Muslims. That's the curse of being an Ahmadi Muslim in too much of the Muslim world. Such a law, he argued, only appeased "fundamentalist Muslims" and harmed the interests of the lay Muslim majority. "There are about 300 million Muslims in those three countries, (who make up) about 20% of Muslims globally. The judge, however, ruled the plaintiffs failed to prove discrimination, and found that monitoring Muslims was the only way to stop terrorism arising from the Muslim community. <CN> The only way to be sure of what you are saying is to meet a Muslim and talk to him about it and it will change your state of hope.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> I pray that all Americans can come to realize that Muslims are not, by definition, terrorists. Yet, Christians seem to have a pathological hatred of Muslims and a seemingly schizophrenic love for Jews. Muslims — they need to be protected just like Christians, unless they pose harm to human life, Decker said. On Friday, mobs of Muslim men attacked Buddhist villagers, leaving seven people dead, according to the Burmese news media. As for Juan Williams comments about muslims in airports, he was reflecting the feelings of millions of people worldwide. <CN> By definition the Muslim love life and the people who compose it.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Many Muslim clerics, scholars, and activists, for example, would like to impose Islamic law around the world. Muslim polemicists like Sayyid Qutb assert that Islam's mission is to correct the injustices of the world. And when the West co-opts Muslim talking points about the true Islam, it makes it harder for Muslims in the Arab world to make the same claim. Non-Arab Muslims, or non-Muslim Arabs for that matter, would be offended by people continually equating Islam with Arab. How can we blame the Muslim religion for this horror?Pope Francis has long recognized the honorable aspects of Islam. <CN> False Islam never rejected anyone, Islam is not only made for Maghreb, Arab, etc. The Muslim religion is for the world.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> It is also the time, Muslims teach, when the holy book of Islam, the Koran, was revealed. Benazir Bhutto, a "moderate" Muslim gave her life for her vision of moderate Islam. Where are the massive demonstrations by muslims repulsed by murder in the name of islam? The non-muslim children of a convert to Islam are not entitled to any inheritance. Muslims glorify those who killed their own non-muslim father or brother in Islamic history. <CN> We'll have to open a Koran before speaking in the name of Islam and especially during review your history.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> "Muslims also share suspicion of their own people in their homelands. It is also muslims who do not allow the free practice of religion in islamic countries. "Muslims also face a similar dichotomy of ideas in the Koran, from maintaining peace to raging war. On holy war, apostasy and the rights of women in Islam. Jesus is one of the most revered and beloved figures in Islam. <CN> Islam means peace in Arabic. How can a religion with such a name want to discriminate against a part of people who because they are not Muslim must still hate it? One thing the first batch of the Koran that has been identified is "read" it will have to start instead of telling nonsense.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Muslims say we have to respect their beliefs or they will kill us. They need to respect OUR American beliefs of freedom as much as we need to respect their beliefs. Freedom of expression is acceptable, but at the same time you must learn to respect others beliefs and religions. Our freedoms are being eroded slowly in the name of respect. Its just a matter of common courtesy to respect others' beliefs. <CN> A good Muslim does not hate anyone, he must be generous and respectful of everyone and let everyone have the freedom to make his choices. We must learn about the pillars of this 1vabt belief of making racist shortcuts.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> To understand it one must go deeper into the Muslim worldview. This applies just to moderate Muslims living in extremist Muslim countries. The number of criminally deviant Muslims in this country is miniscule. Sure, Americans are happy to have Muslims go to their mosques. Muslims dominate the meat industry in many parts of the country. <CN> Rather, they seek to make them understand or accept their religion.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Any war for religion conflicts with the peaceful traditions of Jews, Catholics, Protestants, Muslims, Mormons and others. "The same arguments marshaled against Jews and Catholics in previous eras are being advanced against Muslims today. Why do we ridicule Muslims for eating "kosher", but not Jews? While a Muslim citizen was theoretical, a Catholic one was not. More interfaith alliances between Muslims, Christians and Jews have been formed. <CN> The history of the Jews proves otherwise. These are Muslims who ensured their protection when "Catholics" chased and wanted to exterminate them.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> From the start, Muslims have always had a strong sense of their identity and history. It is supported by 1,000 years of Muslim history in which religious freedom was cherished. Harmony among the major faiths has become an essential ingredient of peaceful coexistence in our world. American Muslim communities have suffered one of the greatest cases of identity theft in U.S. history. The vast majority of peace-loving Muslims are not irrelevant - they must be enlisted to win this ideological struggle. <CN> History shows that this is false: Muslims pacts guaranteeing peaceful coexistence (Constitution of Medina, etc.)
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Muslims can't be Muslims and at the same time be American. America needs more Muslims about as much as France needs more Muslims. Islamic scholars say banning non-Muslims from using Allah is unique to Malaysia. State regulations ban a list of words, including Allah, in any non-Muslim context. Non-Muslims are NOT allowed to become citizens of Muslim nations especially Saudi Arabia. <CN> For a Muslim who believes or disbelieves whoever wants, Allah alone will decide between them and us. "to me my religion, to you your religion".
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Indonesia is the world's most populous Muslim nation with a population of 237 million. Britain is expected to become the most populous EU country by 2060, with 77 million inhabitants. But the large new Muslim populations are not always welcome, he said. A registry of Muslims, already tried on non-immigrant males from 24 Muslim-majority countries (to disastrous effect), has also been proposed. A half century since their arrival in non-Muslim majority nations, different Muslims in Western countries are still struggling with these challenges. <CN> That is why millions of them come to live in countries where the majority of the population is not Muslim.
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Muslims, on the other had, are disliked at a much higher rate. Muslims are killing Jews, Christians and other infidels all over the world. And the ultimate other is satan, and who doesn't hate satan? <CN> It is wrong. But can you blame a person for hating someone who hates him or her, without any other cause than his religious affiliation?
<HS> Muslims hate anyone who is not Muslim. <knowl> Muslims are no more "caught in the crossfire" than Jews are. But it has not been widely known that Muslims helped Jews. The single highest predictor of prejudice against Muslims is prejudice against Jews. Muslims are killing Jews, Christians and other infidels all over the world. <CN> Wasn't the same thing said about Jews less than a century ago?
<HS> Islam is barbaric. <knowl> Finally, moderate Islam must powerfully reject the barbaric practices of jihadists. We should take the armies and the weapons from [the Muslim rulers]. He is also among the publishers of a weekly anti-Islam newsletter. US Secretary of State John Kerry condemned the barbaric murders in a statement. They have also delivered a calamitous blow to followers of the Muslim faith. <CN> Some Muslim rulers have committed acts of barbarism, but this is the responsibility of the perpetrator alone and not Islam.
<HS> Islam is barbaric. <knowl> Fundamentalist terrorism, in psychological terms, surely terrorises Muslims most of all. Sharrouf apparently posted beneath the image that was taken in the northern Syrian city of Raqqa, the capital of what has been declared that an Islamic Caliphate by the Islamic State, the newspaper reported. So a majority of Republicans think that our president wants to impose Islamic law worldwide. President Obama seems more interested in protecting the reputation of Islam than protecting the American people. Why don't Muslim leaders speak out?That question comes up every time terrorists purporting to be deeply religious Muslims carry out armed attacks that kill innocent people. <CN> Islam is not a barbaric religion. Muslims have ruled the Arab lands for the last 14 centuries. Yet today, statistics tell us that 14 million Arabs are Coptic Christians (for several generations), witnesses that Islam has not been answered with the sword. Muslims ruled India for about a millennium. Today, more than 80% of Indians are non-Muslim, a sign that Islam was not imposed by the sword. The most populated regions in Muslims are the east coast of Africa, Indonesia and Malaysia, while no Muslim armed forces have gone to these regions, which were conquered only by the intellectual sword.
<HS> Islam is barbaric. <knowl> they, too, could then sincerely accept the Oneness of Men . . A letter written by Malcolm X after his pilgrimage to Mecca is expected to fetch $1.25 million. It is added to the name of one who has made the hajj, the once-in-a-lifetime pilgrimage to Mecca. I was on led to Mecca  and if we are to understand anything about the Islamic world, we need to understand the hajj. The others have taken him to Uzbekistan and Tajikistan (The Land Beyond the River), Afghanistan (Afghan Stories) and Chechnya (Mountain Men and Holy Wars). <CN> The Prophet set us an example when he took Mecca. While he had finally had the opportunity to take revenge on the men who had committed the worst barbarity (torture, exile, ambargo, murder), he forgave them all.
<HS> Muslims are anti-semitic. <knowl> That they had believed that Jews wanted only to kill Muslims. Yet most—though not all—Jews and Muslims believe that their traditions prohibit pre-stunning. One of the few places anti-Semitism really thrives in France is among some Muslims. They'd like to remember how a Muslim employee at the kosher supermarket helped saved Jews. In fact, it is in those countries with fewer Muslims that anti-Semitism seems most prevalent. <CN> During the Nazi period, Muslims have voluntarily protected the Jews.
<HS> Muslims are anti-semitic. <knowl> He assured the committee that the Argentine Government was not involved in anti-Semitic acts. In fact, it is in those countries with fewer Muslims that anti-Semitism seems most prevalent. Positive Action UrgedThe military Government has at times condemned anti-Semitic acts. Anti-Semitic acts are being prosecuted consequently and by all legal means. One of the few places anti-Semitism really thrives in France is among some Muslims. <CN> Known anti-semitic acts in history were committed by non-Muslim Europeans.
<HS> Muslims are all scum. <knowl> Millions of Muslims descend on Mecca's Grand Mosque, above, for the annual Haj pilgrimage. In several days of clashes, Muslim protesters barricaded themselves inside the mosque while hurling stones and fireworks at police. Friday ushered in a wave of protests across the Middle East and elsewhere after Muslim faithful gathered for prayers. "Some of Obama's Republican critics said the Islamic center at that location is a bad idea, and criticized his remarks. A large share of the victims have been Muslims, belying the Islamic State's claim to be the defender of their faith. <CN> Go to the mosque, talk to the faithful and you will see that you have a bad idea of Muslims.
<HS> Muslims are all scum. <knowl> The differeing bodies of Islam, the Wahabi, Shia and Sunni, can agree on very little. Where Islam is dominant (as in the Middle East and Pakistan) religious minorities suffer brutal persecution with little resistance. Some sons of France misbehaved towards God's prophets, so some of the believer soldiers of God rose up against them and taught them good behavior and the limits of freedom of expression, Mr. Nadhari said. Our nine-year old is just now learning that every Muslim she meets will not necessarily be a good friend with good behavior like she would expect. If Islam is fundamentally different than Christianity, then there is little reason to think it will (or even should) follow a similar path of a reformation then enlightenment. <CN> The Islam encourages good behavior towards neighbors, read a little.
<HS> Muslims are all scum. <knowl> Mr. Woess steers and adjusts the position of the scum-sucking apparatus. It went to double OT!!!!-- Does audio only come through the big TV? The scum is usually two or three centimeters deep after a week left undisturbed. He called the rioters "scum" and said the answer was zero tolerance of crime. As such, these Islamofascist scum have built a bridge to the Fourth Decade AD. <CN> Get out of your cave and especially turn off your TV!
<HS> Muslims are all scum. <knowl> Hundreds of counter-protesters chanted Scum, scum, scum as they followed the far-right activists from Whitehall towards Westminster tube station. When scum is thick and compact, remove with a slotted spoon. Mr. Woess steers and adjusts the position of the scum-sucking apparatus. Did Johnny Depp change his 'Slim' Amber Heard knuckle tattoo to 'Scum'? ""You defend your daughters against scum who come after them," said Hasselbeck. <CN> Type imam Boussena and we'll see who the scum is.
<HS> Muslim men are violent, Muslim women are subjected. <knowl> Christian men cannot marry Muslim women in Egypt unless they convert to Islam first, but Muslim men can marry Christian women. Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. Women's terms in Muslim societies is for most women survival and resignation. Whatever status women have in the Muslim world is whatever status men give them. <CN> Muslim women are subjected to their God and not to their men, so as you are subjected to your laws.
<HS> Muslim men are violent, Muslim women are subjected. <knowl> Muslim women living in non-Muslim majority nations frequently lack intellectually and professionally equal Muslim partners. Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. Muslim women in Sudan are further prohibited from marrying non-Muslims, although Muslim men are permitted to marry outside their faith. Christian men cannot marry Muslim women in Egypt unless they convert to Islam first, but Muslim men can marry Christian women. <CN> Muslims are subject to a religion, as a person can be in his or her daily life to that democracy or whatever.
<HS> Muslim men are violent, Muslim women are subjected. <knowl> Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. Muslim women in Sudan are further prohibited from marrying non-Muslims, although Muslim men are permitted to marry outside their faith. As in many Muslim nations, Muslim women in Sudan are prohibited from marrying non-Muslims, though Muslim men can marry outside their faith. <CN> Why is submission disapproved when it is related to religion? In all religions, people submit to their God.
<HS> Muslim men are violent, Muslim women are subjected. <knowl> Violence against women is acceptable, words or non-violent acts are often unacceptable. Christian men cannot marry Muslim women in Egypt unless they convert to Islam first, but Muslim men can marry Christian women. Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. Women's terms in Muslim societies is for most women survival and resignation. <CN> Are there statistics on perpetrators of violent acts against women, that allow us to say that?
<HS> Muslim men are violent, Muslim women are subjected. <knowl> Muslim women in Sudan are further prohibited from marrying non-Muslims, although Muslim men are permitted to marry outside their faith. Muslim women living in non-Muslim majority nations frequently lack intellectually and professionally equal Muslim partners. As in many Muslim nations, Muslim women in Sudan are prohibited from marrying non-Muslims, though Muslim men can marry outside their faith. Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. <CN> Every man has his own traits. Muslim men are millions and you cannot generalize.
<HS> Muslim men are violent, Muslim women are subjected. <knowl> Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. Christian men cannot marry Muslim women in Egypt unless they convert to Islam first, but Muslim men can marry Christian women. Whatever status women have in the Muslim world is whatever status men give them. As in many Muslim nations, Muslim women in Sudan are prohibited from marrying non-Muslims, though Muslim men can marry outside their faith. <CN> False. You can not stereotype everyone in the same category.
<HS> Muslim men are violent, Muslim women are subjected. <knowl> Christian men cannot marry Muslim women in Egypt unless they convert to Islam first, but Muslim men can marry Christian women. So that's that one sorted: Muslim men are more important victims than Muslim women. In fact, Muslim religion allows even women to marry four times.. Because female sexuality isn't as accessible in the Muslim world, men in these parts are more likely to pursue Muslim women on the women's terms. <CN> Women gained more rights in Islam than in any other religion.
<HS> Muslim men are violent, Muslim women are subjected. <knowl> Many followers of Islam claim that the Quran forbids interfaith marriage for Muslim women while sanctioning it for Muslim men. Whatever status women have in the Muslim world is whatever status men give them. Christian men cannot marry Muslim women in Egypt unless they convert to Islam first, but Muslim men can marry Christian women. According to Chaudary, Muslim women tend to be more publicly visible than Muslim men, especially if they wear hijab, making them especially vulnerable. <CN> Women are very precious in Islam and they are valued.
<HS> Muslims have invaded our country. <knowl> More French citizens, out of fear, will find their message appealing. The French government, however, prohibits people from any ostentatious display of religion. My goal is to tell my Kafir fellow citizens about the shenanigans of Islam. In most countries, Muslims are much more worried about Islamic extremists than Christian extremists. Citizens carrying placards reading Charlie it is us and The religions united against the hatred take part in a French citizens solidarity march in Paris, January 11, 2015. <CN> Islam is a religion and Muslims citizens are mainly French citizens.
<HS> Muslims have invaded our country. <knowl> Gujarat has the highest economic growth rate for Muslims in the country. This is not a time for intellectual, social, political, economic or cultural isolation. The 9/11 Commission also called for supporting public education and economic openness. Indian Muslims' ability to prosper and progress is a test of the country's democracy and of its hopes for becoming a First World economic power. Their struggle is far from over, but they show the way forward for American Muslims. <CN> Muslims came to our country for various reasons: economic, family reunification.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Islam is utterly incompatible with the rule of law as found in America. The basic values of religious freedom are provided to every citizen of our country. But we comedians are advised by show promoters to avoid telling jokes mocking the political leaders and religions -- not just Islam, but also Christianity and Judaism. Students were also allegedly instructed that the Islamic religion is a fact while Christianity and Judaism are just beliefs. And the obliging of the reverters from Islam (apostates) to repent. <CN> #islamophobie. Islam as Christianity and Judaism originates from the values of equality, freedom and fraternity.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Even before this year's wave of terror, 74 per cent of the French public said that Islam itself was "incompatible" with the values of French society. "The sanctity of human life overrides the sanctity of religious laws," it says. This culture, he says, is a genuine threat to the lives of American citizens. This solution should start with a paradigm shift about the very concept of the caliphate. The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.9 percentage points. <CN> Your question is the basis of malicious ideas that can break the cohesion of citizens.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Islam is utterly incompatible with the rule of law as found in America. Having said that, are all parties in line with the values of the republic? Trade brought Europeans face to face with the inhabitants of remote elsewheres. In Islam : The Untold Story , Holland deals with the origins of the religion Islam . This solution should start with a paradigm shift about the very concept of the caliphate. <CN> I would like to send you to the story of Philippe Grenier, a member of the Doubs in the 19th century.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Obamacare prohibits the free exercise of the owners of Hobby Lobby. The event came a week after Manuel Valls, the French prime minister, suggested universities should ban the headscarf and claimed that a majority of French people believed Islam was incompatible with the values of the Republic. Challenging the beliefs of other faiths can be part of that exercise. The purpose of free speech is to be able to challenge widely held views. <CN> The republic recognizes only citizens and guarantees the free exercise of cults.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The religion of the Prophet is not one of polite conversation." The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. This water carries with it impurities of the processes in the body. Islam is a religion, and, as such, enjoys protection under the constitution. Those are the texts with the strongest backing that Mohammed said the words. <CN> Quote as silly and unfounded as the one who quotes it.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. The First Amendment proscribes establishment of religion, but clearly leaves room for schools to teach about religion. First, you say you agree with the article's rejection of the notion that all religions are basically alike. The word "religion" comes from the Latin root meaning "to connect". <CN> The values of the Republic have advanced to the point that it can embrace all religions.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. But it also highlighted an issue that Egyptians will grapple with as they consolidate their democracy: the role of religion in political life. So can Islam coexist with democracy - yes, with radical changes within the religion and a significant portion of the population - which will take time. Yet the people who do this are often mouthing their religion, without knowing it or living it. <CN> Living together depends on everyone's good will and not on politics.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Cazeneuve was speaking after a meeting with leaders of the French Council of the Muslim Religion. He said Hollande was selling off the most powerful symbols of the French republic on the cheap. Laurent Wauquiez, president of the opposition centre-right Les Républicains, accused Hollande of being willing to barter the symbol of the French republic for political Islam. We can support the State of Israel and the Jewish religion and still treasure the Arab and Islamic culture. This, in his mind, is the eternal riddle of the French Republic, at times as elusive and equivocal as a religion. <CN> Islam means peace and like the French republic does, it defends identical values, freedom, fraternity, equality.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> We must be smart!: "Is this the grossest tweet in Twitter history? The Internet is an enormous, new factor in both religion and politics. He said he believed that Islam was "inconsistent with the values and principles of America" and inconsistent with the U.S. Constitution. It is understood both Hanson and Ashby raised concerns about the latter tweet. ""America is an idea, not owned by a particular religion," Graham tweeted Sunday. <CN> Yet it has been going very well for a long time, strange your tweet.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. The key values of Islamic Sharia are monotheism (Tawhid) and justice (Adl). Mr. Azlan you seem to be confusing muslim societies with muslim law. Countries like China, India, Brazil are marching ahead along with the Muslims. Third, the use of a targeted Nation's own Laws against that Nation. <CN> The majority of Muslims respect the laws of the republic.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. None of this means that Islam, with core values of justice, should be totally blind to politics. The religions must organize themselves according to state standards, and those standards are tailored toward the structures of the Christian religion. The real evil in both religions is when the culture distorts and perverts the religion into something to serve evil ends. <CN> The republic is blind. It is not suitable for making a religion compatible.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. "The Israeli Jewish perspective is that (the dispute with the Palestinians) is a conflict of land and religion which are integrally linked," Mughal says. He (Allah) it is Who sent His Messenger with guidance and the religion of truth, that He might cause it to prevail over all religions, though the polytheists may be averse. This, in his mind, is the eternal riddle of the French Republic, at times as elusive and equivocal as a religion. <CN> The Republic teaches us liberty, equality, fraternity. No religion comes into conflict with those values.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. Islam as an entire religion is responsible, they cry: it is incompatible with western values. Even before this year's wave of terror, 74 per cent of the French public said that Islam itself was "incompatible" with the values of French society. Let them consult with the White House and share their views. <CN> It all depends on how it is practiced but it is not incompatible if there is respect for each other.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Judges said the ban was only being applied to Muslim women. The burqa simply should be a choice for women in any country. She says the decision came after a conversation with other Muslim women who covered. My friends wanted me to see SATC2 with them and I initially refused based on the reports that it portrayed Muslim women negatively. Khalique pointed out that some of the recent backlash has been aimed at Muslim women. <CN> It is because of the senseless laws that we Muslim women cannot be involved in the innovation of this country and has saddened me very much.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. The First Amendment prohibits government action respecting an establishment of religion. Sometimes the engines quit, sometimes the wings or tail falls off. Let them consult with the White House and share their views. <CN> It is the policies that have made it complicated with laws that have neither head nor tail.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> There is no war with the West; the West and Islam are compatible. The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Efforts by scholars to engage with the public discourse surrounding Islam have proven frustrating. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. That is why even those friends of mine would admit that democracy is incompatible with Islamic ideology. <CN> If you try to understand Islam, you will see that it is actually much more compatible and much more free than you thought.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Even before this year's wave of terror, 74 per cent of the French public said that Islam itself was "incompatible" with the values of French society. What we are doing is trying to provide people with the means of obtaining accurate information about our religion, Parkar said. Bingham: When you became a Muslim, the religion was perceived as anti-white. But it also highlighted an issue that Egyptians will grapple with as they consolidate their democracy: the role of religion in political life. What we are attacking is Islam, the religion, and Sharia law, the political system. <CN> If you stop bludgeoning us all the time, we'd be able to communicate more easily.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> But the tweet angered many who criticised Murdoch for holding a religion of billions of peaceful people responsible for the actions of a minority of extremists.rupertmurdoch "they" as in most Muslims????? But now, with the continuous news coverage of the un-Islamic group known as ISIS, I have been subjected to much of the same treatment I received in other cities. The Qur'an speaks often of the umma, or the worldwide community of Muslims. Islam is the fastest-growing religion in Britain: the number of Muslims has grown from 1.6 million to two million since 2000. I thought the point of the question is the relative silence of the majority moderate Muslims. <CN> Islam is of course compatible with the republic. Most Muslims are completely involved in society in various and varied organizations such as associations of parents of students in neighborhoods where others living together is very important.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The best friend it has is the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. Many of us in the USA respect all religions including Islam... Islam is utterly incompatible with the rule of law as found in America. The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Papagino May 20th, 2010 12:18 pm ET Ahh, the peaceful religion of Islam. <CN> Islam respects the republic, which does not impede the freedom to practice its religion!
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. Cazeneuve was speaking after a meeting with leaders of the French Council of the Muslim Religion. But as Reuters reported, the government's relationship with the domestic Muslim community had been relatively good. He called for a new "pact" with the Muslim community in France, which includes about five million members. Even before this year's wave of terror, 74 per cent of the French public said that Islam itself was "incompatible" with the values of French society. <CN> France does not have to comment on how Muslims practice as long as they respect their country!
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> In Islam : The Untold Story , Holland deals with the origins of the religion Islam . Even before this year's wave of terror, 74 per cent of the French public said that Islam itself was "incompatible" with the values of French society. But still we are charged by many with the task of policing a religion of more than a billion people. The media wants the most tantalizing news bite to make you listen. Clinton sat down with Muslims too and no one questioned his religion. <CN> This is the political class supported by the media that makes it a problem.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The restrictions on freedom of religion are an important reflection of Singapore 's secularism . These limitations upon the freedom of religion are an important aspect of Singapore 's secularism . In the interview, he said he wanted "to be able to demonstrate that Islam" was "fundamentally compatible" with the values of the French Republic. The legislation in question is the Administration of Muslim Law Act . The first reason is the radical character of French secularism that has been hardening with the presence of Muslims. <CN> Secularism, the value of the republic, should be there to guarantee the rights of Muslims.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> In the name of equality and fraternity, liberty has been curtailed in France. We helped create the monster that is the brutal regime of the Islamic Republic of Iran. They are questioning the principles of the French Republic, which is fraternity, equality, liberty and freedom. He was very proud of the name Ahmed Merabet, proud to represent the police and of defending the values of the Republic - liberty, equality, fraternity. What exactly brings the OIC - Organization of Islamic Countries - believe in. <CN> Freedom, equality, fraternity are the ones. Values of Islam and no longer those of the republic.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> We're at war with those who use your religion to radicalize their position to kill people. Even before this year's wave of terror, 74 per cent of the French public said that Islam itself was "incompatible" with the values of French society. "These policies create the impression in the minds of many people . . . "All doors are locked with the exception of one front door. ... What we are doing is trying to provide people with the means of obtaining accurate information about our religion, Parkar said. <CN> Many people do not apply them, it does not pose a problem?
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The restrictions on freedom of religion are an important reflection of Singapore 's secularism . These limitations upon the freedom of religion are an important aspect of Singapore 's secularism . Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. In being secular , the Government of Singapore does not reject religion . He called for the removal of Islam as Bangladesh's state religion. <CN> For what reasons? The secularism of the state guarantees free choice of religion.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> We helped create the monster that is the brutal regime of the Islamic Republic of Iran. The survey, by the Public Religion Research Institute, measures the feelings of different religious groups toward Islam. In the interview, he said he wanted "to be able to demonstrate that Islam" was "fundamentally compatible" with the values of the French Republic. The future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of Islam. Valls said Wednesday that wearing a burkini is not compatible with the values of the French Republic, The Guardian reports. <CN> What values are you talking about because the values of Islam are fully compatible with the values of the republic.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The United States is not and will never be at war with Islam. Efforts by scholars to engage with the public discourse surrounding Islam have proven frustrating. This solution should start with a paradigm shift about the very concept of the caliphate. They have been uncomfortable with the Bush administration's efforts since Sept. 11 to emphasize that the United States does not consider Islam an enemy. After the 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States, Graham said Islam "is a very evil and wicked religion." <CN> Islam is the very symbol of a fraternal, united and libertarian society.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> In Islam : The Untold Story , Holland deals with the origins of the religion Islam . The Islamic Republic of Iran is often portrayed as a uniquely ideological creature. The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. We helped create the monster that is the brutal regime of the Islamic Republic of Iran. <CN> It seems normal fo every republic to introduce a law against Islam out of nowhere.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> In Islam : The Untold Story , Holland deals with the origins of the religion Islam . Even before this year's wave of terror, 74 per cent of the French public said that Islam itself was "incompatible" with the values of French society. Houellebecq, with his customary I couldn't care less attitude toward the media, disclaimed any desire to libel Islam. Consider the response from the Western media with regard to the Mohammed cartoons. But painting with such a broad brush — and embracing the phrase "radical Islamic terror" — delivers no real value in terms of practical policy. <CN> Just because some media and politicians repeat it does not mean that they will eventually make it believe it.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Posted by: ravitchn | November 9, 2009 1:45 PMReport Offensive CommentMost have no issues with the religion of Islam. Austria fought the Ottomans and saved Europe with weapons, not "values." 3. The Muslims are violent, intolerant animals that offend western values. The struggle with such extremists will not, indeed cannot, be won with military force, but through the power of our values. Why do they let the radicals taint their religion in barbaric violence? <CN> It is the fear of the unknown that makes you say that.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Still others insist that the apex of all religions is compassion. First, you say you agree with the article's rejection of the notion that all religions are basically alike. Countries like China, India, Brazil are marching ahead along with the Muslims. Down with the pope!""Personally, I have no love of the Catholic faith... The problem is that the understanding of religion underlying these efforts is deeply flawed. <CN> The majority of Muslims are ordinary citizens. Some can be very orthodox as in all religions.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> You can preach to me the loving peace of this religion. The death of any soul is never really a happy occasion. He wants to be spreading misinformation about the religion of Islam.... What we are doing is trying to provide people with the means of obtaining accurate information about our religion, Parkar said. Growing up, he grappled with a divisive figure in the family: Jesus. <CN> Ask them your questions, they will be happy to discuss the subject!
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> In Islam : The Untold Story , Holland deals with the origins of the religion Islam . But still we are charged by many with the task of policing a religion of more than a billion people. On the Twitter social media site, militant sympathizers expressed profound satisfaction. What we are doing is trying to provide people with the means of obtaining accurate information about our religion, Parkar said. The problem is that the understanding of religion underlying these efforts is deeply flawed. <CN> What do you have of Islam, apart from what the media conveys? Oh yes, couscous!
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Even before this year's wave of terror, 74 per cent of the French public said that Islam itself was "incompatible" with the values of French society. Now replace the word "Muslim" with "Jew" in the paragraph above. how come no outrage of more Muslim murdering Muslim with the uzbeks? I see no reason to tar them all with the same brush. Countries like China, India, Brazil are marching ahead along with the Muslims. <CN> That's your opinion and it is far from being the truth.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> We helped create the monster that is the brutal regime of the Islamic Republic of Iran. In the name of equality and fraternity, liberty has been curtailed in France. The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. This is to corroborate the theory that there are foreign [Islamic] agents behind these Rebellions. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. <CN> It is been several centuries that Islam advocatesfreedom, equality, fraternity, well before the republic.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. We helped create the monster that is the brutal regime of the Islamic Republic of Iran. The Chinese and Russian Federation use the Fundamentalist Islamic Shia Republic of Iran as their "Proxy Fighter". And these, he argues, are the same lofty aspirations as those of Islam, and any true religion. <CN> The republic is Islam for the same purpose, equality, liberty and equality.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> On holy war, apostasy and the rights of women in Islam. The foundation also strives to protect basic rights and freedoms of women and girls. Islam has a very poor record when it comes to the rights of women, Lutzer told me. <CN> It was Islam that first established the rights of women, legal fraternity.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Cazeneuve was speaking after a meeting with leaders of the French Council of the Muslim Religion. We can support the State of Israel and the Jewish religion and still treasure the Arab and Islamic culture. Only "the question is" as Alice remarked, "whether you can [emphasis in original] make words mean so many different things. But in his interview with the Paris Review, he insists that hating a religion is not the same thing as being racist. The time for reform of Islam is, at long last, now. <CN> Islam also advocates freedom, equality and fraternity. This is visible in many verses and prophetic words.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Demonizing the religions of others does not show New Yorkers at our best. Even before this year's wave of terror, 74 per cent of the French public said that Islam itself was "incompatible" with the values of French society. Though Americans are deeply religious, I argued, they know very little about their own religions, and even less about the religions of others. On the one hand, there is the liberal desire to accord one's fellow human beings the dignity of respecting their deepest beliefs. She held that the meal was subjectively important to the inmate's practice of Islam. <CN> We already have the Republic's values. Such as respecting the religions of others.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> In Islam : The Untold Story , Holland deals with the origins of the religion Islam . The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Efforts by scholars to engage with the public discourse surrounding Islam have proven frustrating. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. Yet the people who do this are often mouthing their religion, without knowing it or living it. <CN> At what level? Do you really know the values of the Republic where Islam starts by knowing the motto! That's all said and done.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Some of the core principles of Islam are honesty, tolerance, justice, fairness and respect for all people; these are also core British/universal values. This in effect subordinated the value of religious faith to the value of peace in a secular society. The actions of Islam contradict any claims for tolerance or democratic integration. Few verses of Islam's most sacred text can be construed to fit the contemporary virtues of religious tolerance and universal brotherhood. <CN> Islam advocates universal values of sharing love, respect and tolerance, just as the Republic from there on is full of compatibility, do not talk about themes that you see that you do not master.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. Going beyond him, they should try to build a vast coalition with Muslims and Jews to promote the free exercise of religion, any religion. In being secular , the Government of Singapore does not reject religion . It's the respect of religion, of all religions, something we didn't have in the countries where we come from. He called for the removal of Islam as Bangladesh's state religion. <CN> Secularism is a religion, did you know that? So make enquiries before saying anything.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. In Islam : The Untold Story , Holland deals with the origins of the religion Islam . He (Allah) it is Who sent His Messenger with guidance and the religion of truth, that He might cause it to prevail over all religions, though the polytheists may be averse. The event came a week after Manuel Valls, the French prime minister, suggested universities should ban the headscarf and claimed that a majority of French people believed Islam was incompatible with the values of the Republic. <CN> I dare to say that the Republic is incompatible with all religions.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The First Amendment proscribes establishment of religion, but clearly leaves room for schools to teach about religion. On the other, critics of religion tend to exhibit an inability to understand religion outside of its absolutist connotations. The bloggers, like many Bangladeshis keen to preserve a secular republic, want the government to be firmer in defending secularism. What we are doing is trying to provide people with the means of obtaining accurate information about our religion, Parkar said. The overly politicized Islamists not only kept the traditional view that religion and state are inseparable, they even recast religion as state. <CN> In a secular republic, state and religion are separated; everyone has its own domain.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> At the same time, the secularism of the modern republic had to embrace the Islamic history of that empire. And right now, the forces of secularism and Islam are in contention. The restrictions on freedom of religion are an important reflection of Singapore 's secularism . The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. The concept of a secular republic had to be forcibly developed from the ruins of an Ottoman Empire, whose sultans were Islamic warriors. <CN> The Republic ended "Catholic France," with secularism. Why would this principle be inoperative with Islam?
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> Christianity came centuries later, with the arrival of missionaries from the West and European colonialism. The event came a week after Manuel Valls, the French prime minister, suggested universities should ban the headscarf and claimed that a majority of French people believed Islam was incompatible with the values of the Republic. Not just murder, but the rape of young men and women also is on the shameless roster of the Islamic Republic. Third, the use of a targeted Nation's own Laws against that Nation. The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. <CN> The Republic has not always respected its own values: slavery, colonialism, the inferiorization of women. When you point fingers, four fingers point you!
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> In the name of equality and fraternity, liberty has been curtailed in France. He was very proud of the name Ahmed Merabet, proud to represent the police and of defending the values of the Republic - liberty, equality, fraternity. They are questioning the principles of the French Republic, which is fraternity, equality, liberty and freedom. "Islam has always been seen as incompatible with human rights, equality, democracy and modernity," Cesari says. Rallying beneath the monumental statues representing Liberty, Equality and Fraternity, they chanted Je suis Charlie (I am Charlie) and Charlie! <CN> Islam promotes good behavior, justice, respect for others, peace. How is this inconsistent with Liberty, Equality, Fraternity?
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The latter is especially prevalent since the rise of the Islamic State. This solution should start with a paradigm shift about the very concept of the caliphate. The survey participants did not reflect the true percentage of Christians and Muslims in the world. Islam is the world's second-largest religion - behind Christianity and ahead of Hinduism, the third largest. The videos spent considerable time on the aftermath of the terrorist attacks and how perceptions of Islam changed. <CN> Islam is compatible throughout the world except for dictatorial regimes, unjust authoritarian regimes, champions of decadence. Which is not the case of the republic as far as I know.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> In the US, you can practice your religion if it does not violate the law. The measure doesn't specifically mention Shariah law, which broadly refers to codes within the Islamic legal system. Posted by: ravitchn | November 9, 2009 1:45 PMReport Offensive CommentMost have no issues with the religion of Islam. Muslim law cannot be allowed to over-ride the common law that applies to all in a civilized society. "This is talking about the law — American law, American courts. <CN> The Civil Code (written by Napoleon) was inspired by Islamic law.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> The same is true for Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim nation. Instead of a runaway train, it's trending with the general global population," he said. Say the name of the religion of almost 20 percent of the world's population and images of bearded, Wahhabi extremists surge. "Despite the rapid growth of Islam, Christianity seems set to remain the biggest religion in the world for the next 20 years. Elsewhere, he notes: "Islam has the right to take the initiative...this is God's religion and it is for the whole world. <CN> See its representatives, the values of the Republic are corruption, nepotism, mediocrity, class contempt, manifest deafness to the problems of the population, unfailing support for war criminals who go to the checkout, mandatory secularism for everything that is not Judeo-Christian, systematic repression, permanent infantilisation of the population. I would like to say that Islam is incompatible with these values, but that would be forgetting that the leaders of Muslim countries have almost all the same values.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> In Islam : The Untold Story , Holland deals with the origins of the religion Islam . The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Good luck with stopping the Money funding the Millions of Holy Warriors of Islam. Efforts by scholars to engage with the public discourse surrounding Islam have proven frustrating. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. <CN> The Republic has 99 problems, and Islam is not one of them.
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> There's a problem with Islam because Islam demands places (of worship), recognition. The event came a week after Manuel Valls, the French prime minister, suggested universities should ban the headscarf and claimed that a majority of French people believed Islam was incompatible with the values of the Republic. The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. On the contrary, he obeys a false religion with nonnegotiable assumptions of its own. Some forms of democracy are incompatible with absolutely everything else, including any and all religions. <CN> You mean, this Republic founded around a declaration that guarantees freedom of worship to everyone?
<HS> Islam is a religion incompatible with the values <knowl> In Islam : The Untold Story , Holland deals with the origins of the religion Islam . The key values of Islamic Sharia are monotheism (Tawhid) and justice (Adl). The Islamic Republic of Iran is often portrayed as a uniquely ideological creature. The Rule of Allah, theocracy, is incompatible with the Rule by the people, democracy. Good luck with stopping the Money funding the Millions of Holy Warriors of Islam. <CN> Islam asks us to respect the laws of the republic.
<HS> Islam does not belong to Europe. <knowl> He appeared to reject any link between Islamic extremism within Europe and Islam itself. When Francis was asked by La Croix whether fear of Islam was justified in Europe, he said people's real fear was of Islamic State. Otherwise, Europe will create a breeding ground for disillusioned young individuals susceptible to perversions of Islam, or any other extremist agenda. Most Muslims in Europe, the United States and even in parts of the Islamic world view the presence of Islam in the West as a chance to overcome such polarization. In Russia, some Muslims want to create a more positive image of Islam. <CN> Islam has arrived well before Europe, so the connection of Islam with Europe is not correct.
<HS> Islam does not belong to Europe. <knowl> He appeared to reject any link between Islamic extremism within Europe and Islam itself. Islam in its most violent form is already part of Europe just as much as a cancer belongs to the body it attacks. When Francis was asked by La Croix whether fear of Islam was justified in Europe, he said people's real fear was of Islamic State. The pope said it was fair and responsible to ask whether Europe had the capacity to accept millions of refugees from the Middle East and Africa. But most Americans do look at Islam and see a problem. <CN> Islam is not a religion belonging to the middle east.
<HS> Islam does not belong to Europe. <knowl> "They gave our families freedom that we could not have in any so-called Muslim countries." We often forget that Americans have been thinking about Islam for centuries. With the visit, he hopes to calm tensions resulting from some of his comments regarding Turkey, Islam and the European Union. Europe has inherited an enormous body of stereotypes of the Muslim elaborated in the course of many centuries of confrontation with Muslim civilisation. The Russian government's strained relations with the United States and Europe have the Kremlin looking to strengthen ties with other parts of the world, notably China and countries in the Middle East with large Muslim populations. <CN> This speech is in contradiction with secularism, some European communities have adopted Islam for centuries, while other Christian communities have maintained their religion in the so-called Muslim countries.
<HS> Islam does not belong to Europe. <knowl> This new attention to religion is, at its base, predominantly about Islam. Everything about Islam is anathema to the western principles of personal freedom. there is freedom of ALL religion, there is not freedom of any religion. Saying that democracy and religion (Islam) can coexist is too general of a statement. It is the extreme islam that fears the US freedoms guaranteed under our constitution. <CN> Individuals have the freedom to adopt Islam as a religion regardless of their origins.
<HS> Islam does not belong to Europe. <knowl> The bullying often works to silence critics of Islamic extremism. ... What exactly brings the OIC - Organization of Islamic Countries - believe in. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. The sad part is any such discussion is absent in Islam. The governments move to nurture the regions economic growth has helped. <CN> Islam does not belong to any region as such, it is a religion like any other.
<HS> "islamophobia" is a way to take away our freedom of expression. <knowl> I refuse to alter my freedom of expression because of terrorists. PEN honors & defends "freedom of expression" but not all "expression"--it is selective. PEN honors & defends 'freedom of expression' but not all 'expression' - it is selective, she added. He added, however, that there is a limit to freedom of expression. Every religion has its dignity ... in freedom of expression there are limits. <CN> Freedom of expression ends when there is an attack on a religion and a part of the population.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> It was the slowest rate of factory employment growth since July, according to the report. "Mini-jobs are destroying ordinary workplaces, and for most people they do not provide a living wage. The erosion of purchasing power, in turn, helps to explain the dismally low consumer confidence numbers in recent weeks. Europe, a closely watched index of purchasing managers showed manufacturing hit a low in December, falling to 33.9 from 35.6. But it also saw input price inflation rocket to a five-year high, with 44 per cent of firms seeing purchasing costs rise. <CN> #islamophobia. The problems that come first in the daily lives of French people are employment, purchasing power and not communitarianism.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> "If they can play Christians against Muslims, it can take attention away from the real problems of society. As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. Ingrid Mattson, the president of the Islamic Society of North America, said many American Muslims were still hoping to salvage the spirit of Ramadan. <CN> I translate for you: Muslims no longer wish to be discriminated against and scapegoats for all the evils of society, they have no right.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> But most of the firms said they'd never heard of Prism, and that they don't allow unfiltered access to data. "The NSA doesn't want companies to know the targets of their investigations, so I think they issue broad directives to the companies," he said. Last week, Dan Sanborn of Ned Davis Research took another look at the S&P 500 through Golub's prism and saw an even wider spread. At this point, any connection is just speculation—and, in fact, in a follow-up to Valleywag's excellent summary of what Palantir does, the company denied that prism is PRISM. It was in the high energy of the dancers, as they dived into William Forsythe's In the Middle, Somewhat Elevated; Annabelle Lopez Ochoa's Prism; and Webre's State of Wonder. <CN> Do you refer to the direct treatment of Muslim populations or perceived as such, the cumulative discrimination, permanent injunctions and daily suspicion? We must stop reversing the prism.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Unfortunately, it's just another example of a country-wide trend: the growing criminalization of homelessness. In my work, I talk to mothers of incarcerated youths and study the criminalization of poverty. "Instead of progress against the disease and protection for people living with HIV/AIDS, criminalization laws breed fear, discrimination, distrust and hatred. Less than 24 hours after his headline-making exit, he was in custody on felony charges of reckless endangerment, trespassing and criminal mischief. Having Kim Davis in federal custody removes all doubt of the criminalization of Christianity in our country, said former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee. <CN> This essentialization and criminalization makes the game of the enemies of democracy.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? "Now we could say there are no problems with the Muslims. Trump referred to a Muslim problem on Sunday on ABC's This Week and sidestepped a question on how he would feel about a Muslim president. As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. This much, however, is clear: Ted Cruz doesn't understand how big his Muslim problem is. <CN> I can suggest you a book: 'French elite and construction of the Muslim problem' by Julien Beaugé and Abdellali Hajjat.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? "Now we could say there are no problems with the Muslims. my children are more important than the inconvenience and hurt feelings of Muslims. Rather than fight for the rights of Christians, the Muslim mob attacked them. <CN> There is no Muslim problem, there are only human problems, Islam is a religion of positivity.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "3253", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Beyonce Knowles", "key" : "Beyonce_Knowles" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2134669", "weight" : "94", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354954,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-27T15:47Z", "headline" : "BeyoncÃ© and Jay-Z Not Expecting a Baby", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "Despite rumors, a source close to the singer says she is not pregnant", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2125036", "weight" : "70", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/03/17/paula.abdul.star.search/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-03-18T12:47Z", "headline" : "10 celebs who got famous after 'Star Search'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Perhaps we don't give Paula Abdul enough credit. { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "12096", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Ellen Degeneres", "key" : "Ellen_Degeneres" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2137377", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20355576,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-30T14:50Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Comic Book to Benefit Humane Society", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The new illustrated biography touches on the comedian's love of animals", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2131881", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354165,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-24T19:28Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Gets Under Gerard Butler's Kilt", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The talk-show host wonders if Scottish star prefers to go commando", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2104872", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/02/26/ellen.degeneres.american.idol/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-02-26T15:35Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres' 'Idol' performance draws mixed reviews", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even before Ellen DeGeneres took her seat on \"American Idol,\" the roar began. { "threshold" : "26", "tag" : { "id" : "11365", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Alec Baldwin", "key" : "Alec_Baldwin" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2133772", "weight" : "33", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354813,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-26T15:29Z", "headline" : "Ask Tina Fey a Question!", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "On 30 Rock she spars (lovingly) with Alec Baldwin, and in her new comedy Date Night Tina Fey teams up with Steve Carell as part of a couple who try to spice up their marriage - with disastrous results. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "7019", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Donald H. Rumsfeld", "key" : "Donald_H_Rumsfeld" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "1407570", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2008/US/09/11/911.day/index.html#cnnSTCText", "publishDate" : "2008-09-12T02:49Z", "headline" : "Nation remembers 9/11 victims, heroes", "wool" : "", "tease" : "With moments of silence punctuated by somber music, readings of names, and tears, Americans held solemn memorial services Thursday to honor the victims of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "6412", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Shaquille O'Neal", "key" : "Shaquille_O_Neal" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2146938", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/04/02/shaunie.oneal.basketball.wives/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-04-08T16:28Z", "headline" : "Shaunie O'Neal on the lives of 'Basketball Wives'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even though she knows what it's like to be married to a superstar athlete, Shaunie O'Neal is so over the Tiger Woods drama. <CN> I am sure that you see one, but this does not mean that it exists.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> There are a lot of very, very angry Muslims in India, Ms. Fair said. As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. In a defiant interview he said: "Many Muslim friends of mine are in agreement with me. How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? It started in September when Donald Trump failed to correct a bigoted man on America's 'Muslim problem'. <CN> There is no Muslim problem in France, there is increasingly a problem with the visibility of Muslims.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> McKenzie complains that the news media rarely captures the civil engagement of Muslims. As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? Many commentators talk of anti-Semitism as an almost wholly Muslim problem, and have used the growth of anti-Semitism to question the wisdom of allowing Muslim immigration to Europe. Mansoor Shams said the anti-Muslim rhetoric especially dishonors the memories of the American Muslims who have died in uniform. <CN> This impression is certainly the result of excessive media coverage of Muslims. The subject sells!
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Muslims make up a minority religious community that is constantly demonized in the media and political discourse in the West. Not Muslim men who keep their women locked up at home. Like the cartoons, media representations of Muslims tend to be negative. "From ISIS to Boko Haram to Al Qaeda, Muslims in the media are portrayed as angry aggressors driven by values that are anti-education and anti-Western. This monolithic, negative portrayal provides a skewed image of Islam and Muslims. <CN> It becomes too Islamophobic and the media gives it too much echo.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> She initially seeks out the spook hunters for help with a ghostly problem, but decides to join them — no arguments accepted — after she takes a liking to their "club. Because it suggests the image problems the party's congressional members have experienced — which have been worse than those suffered by Obama or congressional Democrats — don't translate to a death knell at the ballot box. — McDonald's (McDonalds) October 14, 2014enzolouie74 Hi there, we use no such thing! — Lisa Jane riley (Reallisariley) July 9, 2016Lisa was pushed into changing her lifestyle after losing her mother and three other family members to cancer, and seeing her dad diagnosed with diabetes. you guys love my behind sooo much, here it is kiss it!!! <CN> Frankly, we do not have to justify ourselves to haters who do not want to talk to us.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? In predominantly Muslim countries, the celebration can last for three days. "Asylum seekers are blamed for our problems in Europe and Germany. At Paris' iconic Notre Dame cathedral, Dalil Boubakeur, the rector of the Mosque of Paris, said repeatedly that Muslims want to live in peace. "What you're seeing is the coming of a new generation of American Muslims being emotionally and physically invested in whatever transpires in society. <CN> Muslims are not a problem. They seek their place in society and that has inspired them to live in peace but do not wish to live hidden or be assimilated. We are all a part of our society.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> This much, however, is clear: Ted Cruz doesn't understand how big his Muslim problem is. How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? And as such Muslims multiply worldwide, Egypt, Pakistan, and Iran should take note: You have a problem. The economic disparities are startling and India has been very slow to publicly embrace its rising Muslim problem. It started in September when Donald Trump failed to correct a bigoted man on America's 'Muslim problem'. <CN> Can you tell us what the problem is? Have you personally met such problem?
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Ironically, the rule of a Muslim president in his book leads to stability and an improved economic outlook for France. "Fourest told NBC News that the editorial staff had been debating cartoons to demonstrate the scope of racism against Muslims in France. "I don't know, l've had mental problems in the past, aggression. I was looking for a glimpse into how the president proposed to address what some have called the Muslim problem, in which some people living in the Middle East still harbor unfavorable attitudes towards America. I would not advocate that we put a Muslim in charge of this nation. <CN> This is all made up! People will eventually believe it is because of Islam that there's unemployment in France! Pathetic.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Still, many Muslims view wearing the veil as an integral expression of their faith. Administrator at a construction company and a practicing Muslim who does not wear a veil. To many non-Muslims, the veil often connotes repression against women, foreignness, religion, mystery—even sexuality. Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. The character Inez emphasizes, And don't you think this is just a Muslim problem, or an Arab problem. <CN> Remove the veil that is over your eyes you will see more clearly!
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? Trump referred to a Muslim problem on Sunday on ABC's This Week and sidestepped a question on how he would feel about a Muslim president. "Now we could say there are no problems with the Muslims. Republican presidential candidates are weighing in on controversial comments made about Muslims. As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. <CN> I see more and more uninhibited racism and a fixation on Muslims!
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Katie's come home several times with complaints of [peers'] racist remarks. Those who know me know that I'm not of any way racist!" causeA lot of us are fucking racist cockheadsHave something to add to this story? Muhammad Ali, the Muslim former boxing world champion, said: "I believe that our political leaders should use their position to bring understanding about the religion of Islam. <CN> The rejection of Islam has become a political pretext to please a French population that has become racist.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? We do have a problem with our community and so-called 'Muslim' brothers, he said. As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. This much, however, is clear: Ted Cruz doesn't understand how big his Muslim problem is. Others suggest that Muslim support for Palestine shows that Muslims cannot be truly integrated into Western societies. <CN> Muslims are instead victims of a system that harasses them.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? "Now we could say there are no problems with the Muslims. As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. This much, however, is clear: Ted Cruz doesn't understand how big his Muslim problem is. Others suggest that Muslim support for Palestine shows that Muslims cannot be truly integrated into Western societies. <CN> When you stop being aggressive towards Muslims, there will be no problem.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? It started in September when Donald Trump failed to correct a bigoted man on America's 'Muslim problem'. "He also thanked the "respected columnist Katie Hopkins" for her "powerful writing on the UK's Muslim problem". "The billionaire property tycoon added in a tweet: "The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. Trump referred to a Muslim problem on Sunday on ABC's This Week and sidestepped a question on how he would feel about a Muslim president. <CN> The real problem is that you spend your time hating us.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Further, it really creates problems for banks in that it makes the likelihood of seeing repayment of loans less likely as well. "In mosques and on the streets of Arab and South Asian neighborhoods, New York Muslims watched the videotape with a mixture of skepticism and revulsion. you see a play and there'll be people coming out like, 'Phew, I'm glad [that's over]; that was a long time,'" said Gandolfini. this land, everything can be fabricated," said Nabawy, 42, as he left afternoon prayers at Masjid Al-Farook Mosque on Atlantic Ave. in Brooklyn. the situation may be, I completely understand if Teresa really only wants to see her immediate family," Melissa said. <CN> If for you, praying and doing good is a problem, then you are the problem.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Congressional Republicans launched another round of hearings on the attacks last week. The problem for Democrats is that the Kitzhaber controversy revolves around green energy. Facebook has always been working on giving users more control, said Facebook Product Manager Naomi Gleit. Last week that pent-up rage exploded into attacks on Muslims suspected of having ties to the rebellion. Elvir Gigovic, chair of the Muslim Council of Sweden, said there had been a spate of systematic attacks on Muslims this year, many of which were marked by their violence and severity. <CN> You see more and more attacks on Muslims as a result of the controversies you orchestrated.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? It started in September when Donald Trump failed to correct a bigoted man on America's 'Muslim problem'. "He also thanked the "respected columnist Katie Hopkins" for her "powerful writing on the UK's Muslim problem". Social media has exploded with discussion of Ware's injury, resulting in words of support from around the country. "The billionaire property tycoon added in a tweet: "The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. <CN> Can you elaborate your words because the problems you mention are surely economic social problems.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> But from his experience, "British Muslims, on the other hand, seem to have become more conservative. Backers said the growing Muslim population was straining the country "because Muslims don't just practice religion. Remember that those standing up to Muslim fanatics are mostly Muslims. Muslim populations, on the other hand, are predicted to grow far faster than any other religion over the next 45 years, especially in the Middle East, India and sub-Saharan Africa. But the large new Muslim populations are not always welcome, he said. <CN> The Muslim population is becoming more and more important demographically, that is a fact. On the other hand, the problem often comes from those who are intolerant of differences and not from Muslims themselves.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Warby Parker offers two solutions to the problem of choosing frames. This much, however, is clear: Ted Cruz doesn't understand how big his Muslim problem is. How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? And as such Muslims multiply worldwide, Egypt, Pakistan, and Iran should take note: You have a problem. The economic disparities are startling and India has been very slow to publicly embrace its rising Muslim problem. <CN> This is because you do not have the right frames.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? "Now we could say there are no problems with the Muslims. Trump referred to a Muslim problem on Sunday on ABC's This Week and sidestepped a question on how he would feel about a Muslim president. As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. This much, however, is clear: Ted Cruz doesn't understand how big his Muslim problem is. <CN> There will be "Muslim problem" as the media speak of Muslims without giving them a voice.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? "Now we could say there are no problems with the Muslims. The character Inez emphasizes, And don't you think this is just a Muslim problem, or an Arab problem. As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. Trump referred to a Muslim problem on Sunday on ABC's This Week and sidestepped a question on how he would feel about a Muslim president. <CN> At the day we let Muslims speak for themselves and defend themselves, we will really know them and ensure that there is no Muslim problem.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Dr. Sabra characterizes the history of Islamic science as a field that ''hasn't even begun yet. This first event coincided with the International Year of Astronomy . Executive Office of the President department — the Office of Science and Technology Policy , hosted the next Astronomy Night on July 15 , 2010 . In fact, it was not called science at all, but rather natural philosophy. Muslims have a kind of nostalgia for the past, when they could contend that they were the dominant cultivators of science,'' Dr. Bakar said. <CN> Do you know the history of Islam and the contribution it has made to science (medicine, philosophy, mathematics, astronomy, etc.)?
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> But the CFCM needs to represent all Muslims in France - especially its youth. The overwhelming majority of Muslims rejected and denounced the film that insulted the Prophet Muhammad. Islam is a religion that preaches peace and the overwhelming majority of Muslims are peaceful. The problem is, we can't yet read the the overwhelming majority of the original cables. In Britain, Muslims make up 4.6 percent of the population; in France, 7.5 percent. <CN> In 2030 in France 10% of the population in France will be Muslim. That is an overwhelming majority ;-)
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? One is the growth of Muslim communities, or rather, their transformation. "Now we could say there are no problems with the Muslims. Many commentators talk of anti-Semitism as an almost wholly Muslim problem, and have used the growth of anti-Semitism to question the wisdom of allowing Muslim immigration to Europe. <CN> The Muslim is a facilitator and is a part of the solution of living together.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> When women are visible in online or offline spaces, they experience harassment. This is one of the key criticisms repeatedly leveled at the Internet activism most visible on social media. They found that the city had 441,541 spaces, and more than half of them are free, on-street spaces. Between 2010 and 2015, the amount of off-street parking around downtown shrank by about 3,000 spaces, a 7% reduction. Windows Live for TV - Want to explore your network of friends on Windows Live Spaces using a 3D interface on your TV? <CN> Ahh yes. It is true, the media tries somehow to exclude us from all spaces. We are too visible! We still have the streets and social networks.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> The common English spelling is " Marrakesh " , although " Marrakech " ( the French spelling ) is also widely used . Marrakesh is particularly popular with the French , and numerous French celebrities own property in the city . Cooking in Marrakesh is also getting increasingly haute, thanks to a growing number of top French chefs. Marrakesh ( also known by the French spelling Marrakech ( / / or / / ; Arabic : , ; Berber : , ) is a major city of the Kingdom of Morocco . Marrakesh has several universities and schools , including Cadi Ayyad University . <CN> I agree with you when I'm in Marrakesh, too French! Paranoia is settling in!
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> The more TV you watch, the less physically active you are. One study suggested limiting TV viewing to two hours a day. That said, there's too much TV to watch on Sunday nights. Your cable TV system will operate normally after the AuraGrid is in place. TV Guide reports that you can watch the coverage live on CBS News. <CN> Yes indeed, you are becoming paranoid! You watch too much TV!
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> However, thousands of brave Muslim women are fighting to reassert their role in the Muslim world. "When he says there are corrupt governments in the Muslim world, everyone agrees. I'm concerned about the challenges of poverty and ignorance in the Muslim world. Alchemiya will commission music, poetry, documentaries and more from Muslim artists around the world. "All the ignorance and lack of knowledge in the Arab Muslim world is ok. <CN> You need to talk to competent people in the Muslim world and you will realize that there is no problem but ignorance.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> There are Muslims (and some Muslims out there) who refuse to accept this reality. However, many Muslims do believe that America must back away from the Muslim world. My understanding is that if the father is a Muslim than his children are Muslim. Trump referred to a Muslim problem on Sunday on ABC's This Week and sidestepped a question on how he would feel about a Muslim president. This much, however, is clear: Ted Cruz doesn't understand how big his Muslim problem is. <CN> This is your vision. I am a Muslim and I have no problem with my religion.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "3253", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Beyonce Knowles", "key" : "Beyonce_Knowles" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2134669", "weight" : "94", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354954,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-27T15:47Z", "headline" : "BeyoncÃ© and Jay-Z Not Expecting a Baby", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "Despite rumors, a source close to the singer says she is not pregnant", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2125036", "weight" : "70", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/03/17/paula.abdul.star.search/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-03-18T12:47Z", "headline" : "10 celebs who got famous after 'Star Search'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Perhaps we don't give Paula Abdul enough credit. { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "12096", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Ellen Degeneres", "key" : "Ellen_Degeneres" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2137377", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20355576,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-30T14:50Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Comic Book to Benefit Humane Society", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The new illustrated biography touches on the comedian's love of animals", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2131881", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354165,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-24T19:28Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Gets Under Gerard Butler's Kilt", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The talk-show host wonders if Scottish star prefers to go commando", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2104872", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/02/26/ellen.degeneres.american.idol/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-02-26T15:35Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres' 'Idol' performance draws mixed reviews", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even before Ellen DeGeneres took her seat on \"American Idol,\" the roar began. { "threshold" : "26", "tag" : { "id" : "11365", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Alec Baldwin", "key" : "Alec_Baldwin" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2133772", "weight" : "33", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354813,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-26T15:29Z", "headline" : "Ask Tina Fey a Question!", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "On 30 Rock she spars (lovingly) with Alec Baldwin, and in her new comedy Date Night Tina Fey teams up with Steve Carell as part of a couple who try to spice up their marriage - with disastrous results. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "7019", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Donald H. Rumsfeld", "key" : "Donald_H_Rumsfeld" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "1407570", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2008/US/09/11/911.day/index.html#cnnSTCText", "publishDate" : "2008-09-12T02:49Z", "headline" : "Nation remembers 9/11 victims, heroes", "wool" : "", "tease" : "With moments of silence punctuated by somber music, readings of names, and tears, Americans held solemn memorial services Thursday to honor the victims of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "6412", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Shaquille O'Neal", "key" : "Shaquille_O_Neal" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2146938", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/04/02/shaunie.oneal.basketball.wives/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-04-08T16:28Z", "headline" : "Shaunie O'Neal on the lives of 'Basketball Wives'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even though she knows what it's like to be married to a superstar athlete, Shaunie O'Neal is so over the Tiger Woods drama. <CN> And that comes from where you think it comes from.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> And as such Muslims multiply worldwide, Egypt, Pakistan, and Iran should take note: You have a problem. Trump referred to a Muslim problem on Sunday on ABC's This Week and sidestepped a question on how he would feel about a Muslim president. There was a great deal of social stigma surrounding mental health. The stress caused by internal stigma can evoke a biological response. No Muslim is to disobey this covenant until the Last Day." <CN> The stigma of a religion has never been a problem for us but rather a problem for you.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> As politicians arrived, journalists who sometimes outnumbered the protesters often became the story themselves. How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? It started in September when Donald Trump failed to correct a bigoted man on America's 'Muslim problem'. He wrote on his Twitter account:The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. "He also thanked the "respected columnist Katie Hopkins" for her "powerful writing on the UK's Muslim problem". <CN> The Muslim problem is powered by some journalists and politicians.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> What about resolving the problem of too little inflation in Germany? It never ends, heartbroken... #PrayForNiceechoed similar sentiments with her, "Pray for France. All this does not constitute news in France if it's between consenting adults. PARIS - A Muslim man has been jailed in France for punching a nurse who tried to remove his wife's burqa during an emergency C-section. L214 said sales in France had declined by 5.6% over the past three years. <CN> Only in France there is a problem with Muslims. For example in England there is no problem with Muslims.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Clinton sat down with Muslims too and no one questioned his religion. Nashiru Abdulai, the president of the Global Deaf MuslimÂFor deaf Muslims, accessing Islamic information still remains a challenge, Abdulai says. Many Muslims share a culture with a Christian, Hindu or Buddhist community but not the same religion. The third majority Muslim country in the study is Turkey, which has a very different relationship with religion. Prior to about 1920, Jews had lived in Muslim countries without many problems for over a thousand years. <CN> Muslims are not the Islam. They are trying to practice and believe in a religion that does not have to bear responsibility for everyone, and fools are not religions, Muslims are not a problem, but you who have a problem with Muslims in the end.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> There's a problem with Islam because Islam demands places (of worship), recognition. The book quotes Hollande saying: It's true there is a problem with Islam ... and nobody doubts that. Trump also wrote that he had respect and great friendships with many Muslims, but they themselves admit there is a major problem with radicalisation. The French president, François Hollande, has said his country has a problem with Islam and that there are too many illegal migrants arriving in France. Dissatisfaction with democracy, lack of trust in politicians, these are reaching historic lows, McAllister said. <CN> Politicians have made a problem with Islam that has existed for 1400 years and nobody complained about it.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? "Now we could say there are no problems with the Muslims. As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. This much, however, is clear: Ted Cruz doesn't understand how big his Muslim problem is. And as such Muslims multiply worldwide, Egypt, Pakistan, and Iran should take note: You have a problem. <CN> It is you who create problems and controversies to impose on Muslims.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> "He also thanked the "respected columnist Katie Hopkins" for her "powerful writing on the UK's Muslim problem". "The billionaire property tycoon added in a tweet: "The United Kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive Muslim problem. "He walked into the office this morning in the Dirksen building. Home construction increased last month and applications for building permits also grew. "He was up on the side of the building when he fell. <CN> It is you who are building "the" problem by mounting media shots.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> A number of factors provide context for the Lachine Massacre . For his part in the massacre , Knöchlein was executed in 1949 . The massacre in Newtown and other unthinkable actions challenge the media in their coverage. No other German soldiers or officers were prosecuted for their roles in the massacre . The group's apocalyptic message is aimed as much at Muslims living in the West as it is at non-Muslims, hoping to persuade an undecided audience to adopt its extremist views — and reject Western ideals of pluralism and tolerance, preferably with bombs and bullets. <CN> France does not think it is a problem to exploit, belittle or massacre its Muslim colonies.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Earlier this week, Warren accused Trump of building a campaign on racism, sexism, and xenophobia. Earlier this month councillors reaffirmed their commitment to tackling any form of racism or xenophobia. Those words were followed by "racism," "socialism," "resurgence," "xenophobia" and "misogyny." That's not the measure of populism; that's nativism or xenophobia ... The rightwing mayor's decision caused a wave of opprobrium from politicians, officials and support groups who accused him of racism and xenophobia. <CN> I rather see a problem of intolerance, racism and xenophobia!
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Of course he loves his country, Haley said of the president. "One such structural problem is the paucity of emergency housing for abuse victims. To think we can resolve the issue of murder on our own is effectively just hallucination in a sense, because it's a social problem. The Center of the American Experiment calls family fragmentation — high rates of illegitimacy, divorce and single-parent households — the biggest domestic problem facing this country. I would not advocate that we put a Muslim in charge of this nation. <CN> We see only what we look at. Do you not see a social problem, a racist problem, a problem of violence that affects our country?
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> Ms. Faludi said that each culture shapes its own myths in a specific way based on its own historical dramas. That's something important about these contemporary works being in a historical gallery. That may be the case this year, with such movies as Lincoln, Zero Dark Thirty, and Django Unchained sparking debates over history, race, torture, and the historical record. The first and most obvious point about historic preservation is, of course, that its concern is history. But maybe that is the point, that this summit's historical significance is about appearances, not substance. <CN> The concern is historical and it is appropriate that each side is reconciled with its history (Islamic civilization, reconquered, and so on)
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> I really just need some advice and people to talk to who might have been experiencing the same things. For those people who take medical advice from this movie, great. any thing said in a movie should be taken as science fiction. Why is the NFL giving women medical advice in the first place? What kind of an idiot would obtain medical advice from a MOVIE?! <CN> Do not hesitate to seek medical advice if you see things that do not exist.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? "Now we could say there are no problems with the Muslims. Trump referred to a Muslim problem on Sunday on ABC's This Week and sidestepped a question on how he would feel about a Muslim president. We have a problem in this country — it's called Donald Trump and Ben Carson. At the event, a questioner told him that we have a problem in this country. <CN> Yes, there is a problem with the way we talk about Muslims in this country. Hateful people used to bully them, to belittle them, to insult and to doubt their good faith all the time, and they are almost never punished. This is indeed a problem. I would not have called a Muslim problem, but it is indeed a problem.
<HS> We are seeing more and more of a Muslim problem. <knowl> How great would it be for this so-called Muslim problem to turn into the Muslim solution? "Now we could say there are no problems with the Muslims. Trump referred to a Muslim problem on Sunday on ABC's This Week and sidestepped a question on how he would feel about a Muslim president. As a Muslim, the behavior of these so-called leaders of Muslim nations is appalling. This much, however, is clear: Ted Cruz doesn't understand how big his Muslim problem is. <CN> If by problem you mean that Muslims are investing a public space that was forbidden to them until a few decades ago, it is not society that has a Muslim problem, it is you who have a hate problem.
<HS> Muslims are all violent. <knowl> But I felt angry at the violent responses of SOME Muslims. Violent extremism needs to be rooted out, but we cannot win a war by silencing people. Yes, in those areas where the responses were violent people need great lessons in restraint and civilized discourse. It's tough to be a reasonable, non-violent person like Yasir Qadhi, when so many Muslims hold completely absurd beliefs about the world. Since it is the religion itself that is violent, any Muslim could become violent at any time by deciding to get serious about his religion. <CN> Muslims are not violent, if some people get out of hand, it does not particularly mean that all Muslims are violent.
<HS> Islamophobia is a right. Fighting Islam is a duty. <knowl> Charb argued that people should fight racism against Muslims instead of Islamophobia, which means the "fear of Islam. On Blasphemy, Islamophobia, and the True Enemies of Free ExpressionLittle, Brown. Suppose Williams had said something hurtful to gay people instead of to Muslims. Haidar added that Khan died in an invasion of Iraq, killing other Muslims. The Commission on British Muslims and Islamophobia said the aftermath of the 9/11Â attacks has made life more difficult for Muslims in the UK. <CN> All forms of phobia can be cured, I offer you a cure with Muslims.
<HS> Islamophobia is a right. Fighting Islam is a duty. <knowl> Charb argued that people should fight racism against Muslims instead of Islamophobia, which means the "fear of Islam. The fight against racism is a fight against all forms of racism; but what is the fight against Islamophobia against? "The president of the Observatory against Islamophobia, Abdallah Zekri appealed for calm. Discrimination against French Muslim women on the beach predictably spreads to a restaurant. "It is essential that all citizens - Muslim, Jewish and Christian - both in the provision and practice of the law, enjoy the same rights and respect the same duties. <CN> Islamophobia is a crime against Muslims, punishable by law, it is in no way a duty.
<HS> Islamophobia is a right. Fighting Islam is a duty. <knowl> Charb argued that people should fight racism against Muslims instead of Islamophobia, which means the "fear of Islam. The fight against racism is a fight against all forms of racism; but what is the fight against Islamophobia against? In other words, the strategy of these terrorists is to provoke Islamophobia. On Thursday, the Paris prosecutor's office said a group called the Syrian Association of Freedom filed a complaint against the magazine for inciting hatred. Groups like the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) intimidate some politicians and the media with cries of Islamophobia whenever anyone warns of the radicals' agenda. <CN> Islamophobia is an incitement to hatred against a religion and a group of people.
<HS> Islamophobia is a right. Fighting Islam is a duty. <knowl> Charb argued that people should fight racism against Muslims instead of Islamophobia, which means the "fear of Islam. Who will educate this ignoramus on Islam's influence on the American Constitution?Related: I can't avoid Islamophobia. The fight against racism is a fight against all forms of racism; but what is the fight against Islamophobia against? poster campaign banned by the MTA in the wake of a related fight over Islamophobic ads is a violation of its own rules, a judge ruled Wednesday. This monolithic, negative portrayal provides a skewed image of Islam and Muslims. <CN> You can be Islamophobic in your inner self but you can't encourage others to do that.
<HS> Islam is a disease that must be eradicated. <knowl> Islam within itself, Islam itself means peace, the government video states. Islam and the ones preaching hate they are not compatible at all. In the case of Islam, it is clear that Islamic values are inimical to ours. But does mocking Muhammad, burning a Koran, or calling Islam a cult constitute hate speech? <CN> Islam is a recognized religion, your hate is the disease. Do not try to contaminate us.
<HS> Islam is a disease that must be eradicated. <knowl> Abandoning Islam is traditionally considered not just apostasy, as it is in other religions, but a specific transgression called ridda. On the other, critics of religion tend to exhibit an inability to understand religion outside of its absolutist connotations. Merton told me he could be perfectly faithful to Christianity, yet learn in depth from other religions like Buddhism. Our religion is Islam and is nothing close to this religion. Islam within itself, Islam itself means peace, the government video states. <CN> Islam is a religion that must be respected like all other religions in France.
<HS> Islam is a disease that must be eradicated. <knowl> The guards, called Mourabitoun, or defenders of Islam, say they volunteer to protect Islam's third-holiest site from Jewish extremists. Palestinian witnesses said police had entered the mosque, Islam's third-holiest site, firing rubber-coated steel bullets and stun grenades and injuring several worshippers. The Ebola epidemic has overwhelmed public health workers in three African countries, one of which was the likely site of infection of the first American case. For the second time this summer, health officials in California are investigating a case of plague that a camper most likely contracted while visiting Yosemite National Park. Also ask your siblings, aunts and uncles about their health conditions. <CN> Don't worry: Islam is not contagious. On the other hand, misunderstandings certainly are. We must absolutely eradicate them. To do so, do not hesitate to open up to others and get informed by visiting our site. Your health will only improve.
<HS> Islam is a disease that must be eradicated. <knowl> Radical Islam or Islamism is an ideology and a dangerous one at that. His publications include What Everyone Needs to Know about Islam and with Dalia Mogahed, Who Speaks for Islam? Islam admitted to something more in the range of $3m. Wapner reported on air that Islam was backing away from his claims. There is no love in Islam -- Only fear and hate. That experience guides my conviction that partnership between America and Islam must be based on what Islam is, not what it isn't. <CN> Islam is love for those who want to take it.
<HS> Islam is a disease that must be eradicated. <knowl> Many youths express a desire for less enforcement of religion and greater interest in Islam's diversity. And an emphasis was placed on Islam being a moderate religion. This new attention to religion is, at its base, predominantly about Islam. Their understanding of Islam comes from what they are taught by others. The recent debate over whether the Islamic State is Islamic is one example. <CN> Islam is a religion that invites dialogue and respect for others.
<HS> Islam is a disease that must be eradicated. <knowl> Muhammad Ali: Rumble in heaven as you did on Earth"Islam is a religion of peace. Four panelists, two for and two against, presented arguments on the motion of "Islam Is a Religion of Peace." Bush pushed aggressively for immigration reform in his presidency and frequently touted Islam as a religion of peace while highlighting the danger of its more radical elements. Zeba Khan, a panelist for the "Islam Is a Religion of Peace" last week, was met with such a response. The strangest and most untrue thing that can be said about Islam is that it is a Religion of Peace. <CN> Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance. This has proven its value many times in history when this religion is properly understood and applied, without intervention of the personal interest of humans.
<HS> Muslims should go home. <knowl> It is also muslims who do not allow the free practice of religion in islamic countries. Iran: The constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran recognizes Islam, Christianity, Judaism, and Zoroastrianism as official religions. "This is what Islam is like: Islam of killing, Islam of terrorism, Islam of setting things on fire. "It is not despite the evil teaching of Islam, but it is by ignoring the teachings of Islam. Certainly the rulers of many Muslim countries fail miserably when compared to the standards Islam holds up for leadership. <CN> Islam does not have his own country, you say that because you do not know the definition of Islam.
<HS> Muslims should go home. <knowl> Protests were particularly violent in Indonesia, home to the world's largest Muslim population. In short, religious people should be showing support and care for the Muslims in our community. The Midwestern American city is home to more Bosnian Muslim survivors of the massacre than Srebrenica itself. Michigan and New York are home to some of the largest concentrations of Muslims in the US. When demagogues appear to be equating Islam with terrorism, it's making young Muslims unsure about their place in the country. <CN> Muslims are free to live where they want, like any human being in this world.
<HS> Muslims should go home. <knowl> In most countries, Muslims are much more worried about Islamic extremists than Christian extremists. Therefore, any human being that submits himself to God is considered to be following "Islam." The founder of the Ahmadiyya Movement, Mirza Ghulam Ahmad, was appointed by God to restore Islam to its originality. Israel and Saudi Arabia, bin Laden's native country, hold Islam's holiest sites in Jerusalem, Mecca and Medina. what that means is, if you are a christian, who submits yourself to God, then you are in fact upholding Islam. <CN> Islam means, submitted to a unique God, how can it exist a land or an own country for them.
<HS> Muslims should go home. <knowl> The Midwestern American city is home to more Bosnian Muslim survivors of the massacre than Srebrenica itself. Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? The second question asked what share of Muslims worldwide supported ISIS. Live chat with Ibrahim Moiz, a Muslim lawyer in Fairfax County. In Minneapolis, home to America's largest Muslim Somali community, we sat down with Aman Obsiye, Asma Jama and Abdirizak Bihi in a coffee shop. <CN> Muslims are from the country where you are, in what country should they return?
<HS> Muslims should go home. <knowl> It also serves as home to Muslims of America, a Gilani-founded organization. Until they make it, their countries of origin do nothing for them," she said. His work purports to scientifically demonstrate "the frauds and dictatorship" of the evolution-of-species theory. To European conservatives the consistently high proportion of Republicans who believe this insane and inane conspiracy theory is baffling. Some of the family members believe Hicks committed a hate crime, meaning he killed the students because they were Muslim. <CN> Can you define concretely, where they could return, and if you want to follow the theory, how to deal with those who have no family bonds with the countries of origin and with the reconverted ones?
<HS> Muslims should go home. <knowl> Protests were particularly violent in Indonesia, home to the world's largest Muslim population. Most striking is the stark contrast between Senegalese Muslims and Christians in terms of where they wish to be buried. Its supporters urge Buddhists to shop only at Buddhist stores and avoid marrying, hiring or selling their homes or land to Muslims. Rizwan Jaka, director of the All Dulles Area Muslim Society Center, a mosque and community center in Northern Virginia, said funeral homes of other faiths "have been very accommodating" to the region's large number of Muslims. Afghanistan's population will nearly double, to about 50.5 million, making it home to the ninth largest Muslim population in the world. <CN> The term Muslim does not refer to a region of the world.
<HS> Muslims are all the same. <knowl> U.S. Muslims believe different things and honor their faith in different ways. In fact, the American Muslim community is the most diverse Muslim community in the world. With some politicians using American Muslims as a political football, the levels of anti-Muslim crimes have dramatically increased. Surely his front page isn't reserved for stories about Bad Muslims, with articles about Good Muslims going inside. Attend a mosque's iftar dinner (breaking of the fast) or perhaps even fast with an American Muslim friend. <CN> No, people with Muslim faith are as diverse as everyone else.
<HS> Muslims are all the same. <knowl> In fact, the American Muslim community is the most diverse Muslim community in the world. As America is a racially diverse nation, the American Muslim community represents among the country's most racially diverse demographics. In diverse, pluralistic societies, Muslims and non-Muslims alike should not stand by as an entire religious group is made to look like the enemy. When politically correct, tolerant, and culturally diverse societies agree to Muslim demands for their religious privileges, some of the other components tend to creep in as well. Religious Tensions in Myanmar: In western Myanmar, Muslims and Buddhists clash. <CN> No Sir / Madam. Muslims are as diverse as other citizens.
<HS> Muslims are all the same. <knowl> Saturday's third-round action in the NCAA tournament brought us a little bit of everything. We're going to go a little caribbean twist so first thing, have my sweet potatoes down. The sour notes give way to a light peach flavor that has just the right amount of sweetness. From survival horror to puzzle platformers, there's a little bit of everything to satisfy all types of gamers. A little jazz, a hint of bluegrass, a little bit of everything that I've experienced in my life. <CN> Are they nice? That is sweet, but you know there is a little bit of everything.
<HS> Muslims are all the same. <knowl> The Vatican said Thursday that four women and eight men took part. Does the country have a history of serious violations of international human rights? Behar said recalled a scene from "12 Angry Men" to justify her response. But we found that less serious stories were blown up and given exaggerated coverage. <CN> All men are alike in their humanity! Be a little serious.
<HS> Muslims are all the same. <knowl> The first asked how serious a threat Muslims posed to the country. I think it's a sign of being more serious, Guisti says. His 'policy' proposals are not serious, tweeted former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush. Respondents in a "diverse group of countries" listed environmental degradation as a serious global threat. The highly-contentious headline has raised some serious questions about The Sun's interpretation of poll results. <CN> It is the intelligent sentence of the day! Be serious.
<HS> Muslims want to make all French meat halal. <knowl> Muslims, she argued, bore "a culture and ideology that is incompatible with our own". Halal meat has to be prepared in standards that make it acceptable (i.e., حلال‎ halal) for Muslims. The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. Similarly, Muslim inmates in Texas can select regular, meat-free or pork-free meals but are not served halal meals. Now we are in danger of being swamped by Muslims who bear a culture and ideology incompatible with our own. <CN> Every cult has its own meat. How is it a problem for you to eat hallal meat as long as you have no ban?
<HS> France is a secular country, the practice of Islam should be banned. <knowl> The newcomers are given information about the history of Roman Catholicism in France, the specifics of state secularism and the use of social media. To continue saying that we need freedom of religion and freedom of conscience laws, that's offensive. The freedom of conscience bill only gives way for further discrimination. Democracies require certain secular principles, including the neutrality of public administration and the freedom of religious expression for all faiths. This authoritarianism cites protection of individual freedom, even against individual will, while imposing one definition of freedom of conscience that is based on a homogenous vision of society. <CN> It is necessary to remember the definition of secularism, which gives freedom of conscience and does not restrict it.
<HS> France is a secular country, the practice of Islam should be banned. <knowl> The encounter comes on the heels of ongoing discussions about Muslim integration in the country and France's interpretation of secular values. Amara, a practicing Muslim, called the veil a "sign of oppression of women. My government's response to the increased radical interpretation of Islam has been robust. Salafism is an austere practice of Islam that seeks to imitate the lifestyle, and even dress, of the Prophet Muhammad and early Muslims. The rest are discretely living their lives, either secular or private in their practice of Islam, a silent majority receiving no one's attention. <CN> The practice of Islam does not prevent us from living together and everyone's belief is secular.
<HS> France is a secular country, the practice of Islam should be banned. <knowl> The mayor calls the burqini "the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion." She held that the meal was subjectively important to the inmate's practice of Islam. The decline of the priesthood as a vocation is particularly pronounced in France, a country that defines itself as secular. Such laws, however, reveal an authoritarian conception of secular principles that requires modern citizens to reject all public signs of religion. <CN> Secularism by definition guarantees the right to practice whatever religion.
<HS> France is a secular country, the practice of Islam should be banned. <knowl> He replied that it seems evident to me that secularism in itself is not in contradiction with faith. Enzo Le RenardProponents of the theheadscarf ban argue that it is about about women's freedom, secularism and security. The decline of the priesthood as a vocation is particularly pronounced in France, a country that defines itself as secular. ""That is not compatible with the values of France," Valls said. Secularism, states france.fr, France's official information website, is a French invention. <CN> France is a secular country, yes. In the name of this secularism, the French state is bound by neutrality with respect to religious freedoms, which are also included in fundamental freedoms. It is secularism that guarantees and protects religious beliefs in France, whatever they are.
<HS> France is a secular country, the practice of Islam should be banned. <knowl> For those lost children of France, we have to restore trust in the French Republic. The figure of Marianne officially became a symbol of the French Republic in 1848, after the fall of the monarchy. They are questioning the principles of the French Republic, which is fraternity, equality, liberty and freedom. Partisans in time of peace, they were committed to the collective defense of the French Republic and its values in moments of war and foreign invasion. In any case, terrorism has now become part of the daily life of the average French citizen. <CN> On the contrary, the principle of secularism of the French Republic protects every individual who wants to freely practice his confession.
<HS> France is a secular country, the practice of Islam should be banned. <knowl> Supporters of the ban say the veil contradicts France's principles of secularism and women's rights. The Cannes beach ban is just the latest of many French measures seen as singling out Islam, the country's No. 2 religion, in the name of official secularism. The restrictions on freedom of religion are an important reflection of Singapore 's secularism . A sociologist, Jean Baubérot, claimed the upholding of France's religious neutrality had become an increasingly aggressive and repressive secularism affecting Islam. These limitations upon the freedom of religion are an important aspect of Singapore 's secularism . <CN> Secularism is precisely the right to live one's religion to the full. It is a private matter.
<HS> France is a secular country, the practice of Islam should be banned. <knowl> Here, strict network neutrality regulation ensures competition is on equal footing. The decline of the priesthood as a vocation is particularly pronounced in France, a country that defines itself as secular. Such laws, however, reveal an authoritarian conception of secular principles that requires modern citizens to reject all public signs of religion. ""That is not compatible with the values of France," Valls said. Indeed, many French interpret Laicite - the concept of a secular society - to be a philosophy designed to ban public affirmation of religion. <CN> Secularism is the neutrality of the state towards all religions on an equal footing.
<HS> Muslims benefit from the French system. <knowl> On the home front, we see a variety of American Muslim leaders. I don't blame American people when they get scared of Muslims. PARTISANSHIP: 49% of Muslim-Americans called themselves Democrats, 8% Republican and 37% independent. And yet, all of the bandwidth of the American media has been about Muslims. Turks now make up 3.2 million of the 4.2 million Muslims in Germany. <CN> Really? It is contrary to the principles of Muslims to take advantage of a failure!
<HS> Muslims benefit from the French system. <knowl> But they are a political and moral problem for the Arab-Muslim system. But his father, in effect, told us something else: My family system, our village system, broke down. We will not allow a spy against Muslims into our churches and homes or hide deceit [or betrayal] against Muslims. Choudary has received little support from the mainstream Muslim community . Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? <CN> And the French benefit from the Muslim system: e.g. Family allowance.
<HS> Muslims benefit from the French system. <knowl> Absolutely, Trump said when asked about a database system tracking Muslims in the U.S. Thursday night. Finally, historical accounts show that the French colonial administration in Senegal did not favor Catholic over Muslim converts. An important alternative to the feeling French question is asking Muslims how they view their integration in Europe. Speaking on Saturday he said: My brother was Muslim and he was killed by two terrorists, by two false Muslims. He advises followers with expertise to "target the websites and information systems of big companies and government agencies of the countries that attack Muslims. <CN> False: Muslims take advantage of all systems, that's what a system is for.
<HS> Muslims benefit from the French system. <knowl> In an appearance before reporters, he questioned whether French Muslims "necessarily need" minarets for their mosques. "Sarkozy said he understood the fears of many native French at the growing visibility of Muslims. The second question asked what share of Muslims worldwide supported ISIS. Like the cartoons, media representations of Muslims tend to be negative. "Muslims in Europe feel that they are not welcome," says French political sociologist Jocelyne Cesari, author of the book Muslims in the West after 9/11: Religion, Law and Politics. <CN> Muslims are an integral part of the French system, they do not benefit from it any more than they contribute to it.
<HS> Muslims benefit from the French system. <knowl> Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? The second question asked what share of Muslims worldwide supported ISIS. Like the cartoons, media representations of Muslims tend to be negative. Unless, of course Muslims try to take over and impose their beliefs. This monolithic, negative portrayal provides a skewed image of Islam and Muslims. <CN> Muslims are actively involved in the French economy and are a source of wealth for it.
<HS> Muslims benefit from the French system. <knowl> And I believe it is a beautiful religion if you learn it the right way. How about not choosing any of the dozens of religious belief systems and keeping the Government and Religion separate. He pledged to guarantee the stability of the banking system and the most fragile citizens, who are suffering the most. Show us actual proof of how Muslim majority nations behave in regard to law, to tolerance of other religions, to the rights of women. While a Muslim citizen was theoretical, a Catholic one was not. <CN> The citizens of a nation (of any religion) are entitled to enjoy their rights conferred by the taxes collected.
<HS> Muslims benefit from the French system. <knowl> Specific allowances paid for educational expenses of dependents, evacuation and separation costs are also tax-free. World Energy Solutions of Worcester, Mass., developed the computer systems to automate RGGI's four auctions of carbon allowances. On the other hand, an auction-based cap-and-trade system would require power generators to buy allowances from the government. Still, renewable-energy producers would benefit from federal carbon trading because money raised from auctions for carbon allowances would go toward government investment in renewables. Mr. Boylan stresses that, for the first time, wealthy taxpayers who have tax-shelter losses ''can anticipate and reap the benefits early'' by additional allowances. <CN> The French system allows people who need support to receive specific benefits or allowances determined by the legislator. The religious criterion is not considered in the allocation of this aid.
<HS> Muslims benefit from the French system. <knowl> The French government, however, prohibits people from any ostentatious display of religion. French authorities are warning the nation against linking French Muslims with terrorists. "The kids have been extremely shocked to learn that some of the terrorists are French, so it was French killing French, and that was absolutely astonishing for them. This is because the French Constitution, born from the French Revolution, recognizes individuals rather than groups. Cazeneuve was speaking after a meeting with leaders of the French Council of the Muslim Religion. <CN> Each French, whatever his religion, hass rights and duties, the French system does not benefit only Muslim French.
<HS> Muslims benefit from the French system. <knowl> Young French Muslims, often treated as un-French, feel alienated and powerless. The responses to specific questions showed that a minority of French Muslims favored Islamic traditions over French law. French President Nicolas Sarkozy promised a crackdown on French citizens found to have trained in terror camps abroad. The French government should look into why French citizens choose to join extremist groups such as ISIS and al Qaeda. More French citizens, out of fear, will find their message appealing. <CN> French Muslims do not take advantage of the system because it is open to all French citizens!
<HS> Muslims benefit from the French system. <knowl> So please stop conflating criticism of Islam with discrimination of Muslims. Nationalism of the Islamic Resistance Movement is part of its religion. Islamism is not Islam, but it is an offshoot of Islam. I think that will lead to a changed picture of Islam. But please first comment on the Covenant of the Islamic Resistance Movement. <CN> Islam advocates the value of subsistence obtained through the fruit of its labour.
<HS> Muslims benefit from the French system. <knowl> Why is a Muslim not allowed to depart Islam, under punishment of death? The French state, in turn, like other states, must recommit itself to combating prejudice against Muslims. All this might suggest a nation polarized between alienated Muslims and non-Muslims hostile to Islam. But we non-muslims must also play our part by encouraging a moderate, reforming and secularising Islam. Muslims feel ostracized here and some of them get seduced into a hardcore version of Islam, she says. <CN> Unfortunately some malicious Muslims enjoy some social benefits. But this is unacceptable. This is not a reason to stigmatize Islam.
<HS> They want us to believe that this is normal, soon our little girls will be veiled. <knowl> In it, Elsa encourages the little girl to "always be herself. Those little girls knew this was something that had never happened before. We don't call little boys 'bossy,' because we expect them to lead. Each dropped-off doll looked like the little girl it was left for. I wanted [a doll] that looks like a little beautiful black girl, she says. <CN> These are our daughters, we have the choice to educate them as we wish.
<HS> Muslims want to impose Sharia law in Europe. <knowl> That is, sharia law is not just a governing law in your personal lives. Seven Republican-dominated states have banned the hypothetical threat of sharia law or sharia courts that Muslims might hypothetically convene to contravene state law. Those who approve sharia becoming the law of the land generally pray more than their Muslim brethren. First, the increased integration of Sharia law would merely sanction and improve upon what is already occurring: western Muslims practicing Sharia law without violating western law. In general, to say that a person follows sharia is to say that she is a practicing Muslim. <CN> Muslims do not impose sharia, they apply European laws in their practice.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> When it is a question of Islamic law, justice is in the hands of every Muslim. She is a political scientist, specializing in contemporary Islamic societies and Islam in Europe and in the United States. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. It would be misleading to think that this perception is new. It provided them with basic information about Islam and Al Qaeda. <CN> #islamophobie. Islam is not a disease. It is not contagious.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> But Erdogan is right: Islam is one of the great world religions. But it is central, an important part of the discussion that we don't want to have. It is time for us to rise above the politics of fear and division because our love of diversity, difference and freedom will endure, Broadbent said. What we need today is a force advancing this value of unity and returning the voices of division to the margins. Islam is a religion, he said, It is not an ideology. <CN> Making the game of the division prevents you from moving forward on issues of racism and social problems.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is a nonstarter for that reason," says immigration attorney Dave Leopold. When it comes to Islam, all boundaries and limits could be dispensed with. But it is erroneous to conclude that the Uighur crisis is solely religious. Ghannoushi is currently writing a book on Western Representations of Islam Past and Present. But it is equally important that the media report on the troubled province more carefully. <CN> I hope you do not want to proceed like in China.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. It is in this environment that the young Western male or female converts to Islam. It is convinced of its own perfection, yet brutally shuns self-examination and represses criticism. "Of course, it is undeniable that some Muslims butcher others in the name of Islam. It is of no value that the French people, who are the victims here, take to the streets. <CN> I invite you to take a look at the history of Indonesia.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> When you read them, you find that Ayatollah Khamenei agrees with Ahmadinejad: he also thinks the Holocaust is a myth. It is reaching dangerously high levels in all parts of the world, WHO Director-General Dr. Margaret Chan said in a statement. Ayatollah Khamenei was at it again as recently as 17 Sept 2012, saying:Today in many western countries, nobody dares question the Holocaust whose nature is questionable. Myth 4: Antibiotics can be used to treat colds and flu. Myth 5: There's nothing you can do to lower your risk. <CN> It is a myth that is prevalent in identity settings, don't worry.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> Hence it is important to intensify dialogue among the various religions, and I am thinking particularly of dialogue with Islam. "The school said it is weighing whether to appeal the NCAA verdict. It is truly disturbing to see these images of deliberate, vicious, pointless destruction. It was 2004 and Varner, still a freshman, recalls how fast the Yellow Jackets moved that day. Last year was rough for us, but making it this year, my senior year is just unbelievable, Marshall said. <CN> It will always be better than 'invaders' or 'yellow jackets'!
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It garnered a lot of notice, but little came of it in terms of policy changes. But to support the free speech rights of Charlie Hebdo, albeit with reservations, should also be to back the freedom of others, like Dieudonne, to engage in offensive speech. Asma T. Uddin is the director of strategy at the Center for Islam and Religious Freedom in Washington and a member of the Panel of Experts on Freedom of Religion or Belief for the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe. A teenager detained following the killing of an 85-year-old priest by a pair of jihadi attackers in northwest France has been released. It is easy, in the aftermath of the horrific killings, to announce, Je suis Charlie . <CN> Islam does not invade France. It is the incitement to hatred that maintains this impression. Knowing each other is the way of mutual respect and interpersonal relationships. You will see that Muslims live their faith in peace and respect for the freedoms of others.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> We need an understanding that it's not only okay to teach about religion in schools, but vital. It also asked: What is your attitude about the spread of Islam in America?The school, the Iman Academy SW in Houston, wanted to join the local soccer competition. Ibrahim Hooper, a spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations, said the Maryland lawsuit is an example of the anti-Islam campaign that's being waged nationwide in schools. Hence it is important to intensify dialogue among the various religions, and I am thinking particularly of dialogue with Islam. Tapps also has surveyed member schools about allowing in Islamic schools. <CN> So we need schools, imam's formation without forgetting good mosques.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is not America, nor Europe, and no, it is certainly not Israel. Less well-known is that Protestant Reformers in early modern Europe in the 16th and 17th centuries, despite their... It is now being recycled by the propagandists of the Isis. The scholars noted that the reintroduction of slavery is forbidden in Islam. It sheds new light on how the group is trying to reinterpret centuries-old teachings to justify the sexual slavery of women in the swaths of Syria and Iraq it controls. <CN> Cohabitation has been working for centuries and has brought a lot to Europe. You are the one who is trying to create problems.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is impossible for societies to completely rid themselves of this polarizing rhetoric. Critics say the movement is a vehicle for far-right hate and neo-fascism. Born in Somalia and raised a devout Muslim, Ayaan Hirsi Ali is an active critic of Islam, an advocate for womens rights and a leader in the campaign to reform Islam. It is the intimate nature of Islam's predicament that makes this trial especially wrenching for the young man, his family and his community. For example, in his campaign preceding Holland's recent elections, extreme right-wing parliamentarian Geert Wilders repeatedly argued that Islam is a political ideology. <CN> Islam has been in Europe for centuries, the problem is the extreme right and it has always been.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is experienced as forgetfulness , mild confusion , and irritability . In the advanced stages it is called hepatic coma or coma . In acute liver failure , it is unclear whether lactulose is beneficial . It is safe if used properly, but too much can be dangerous, particularly over time. It is difficult to claim that energy drinks as a group can cause liver cancer. <CN> For me not every one of us can live his liver without any problem.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> Spencer is an author and scholar of Islam, and Geller's partner in anti-Islam activism. Opposition to Park51 grew — and with it, antipathy for Islam. The Islam that is spreading through society in Africa today is the new active Islam, not the dormant, Sufi, private-life only [version]. The group wants to reform asylum laws and says it opposes Islamism. Charlie Hebdo mocks everyone, he said, while Geller is strictly anti-Islamic. <CN> Islam is a religion and cannot invade anyone. Islamization is an invented term that makes no sense. The only reason you want to have such comments is because you don't know what they are.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> Europe as we know it is slowly going out of business. And if it's not Selby, perhaps it's a group of people that includes the venture capitalist. The charity said it is a legitimate humanitarian organization whose sole purpose is helping victims of poverty and war. What helps save the society is a culture of giving, interwoven into the fabric of how people live and worship. The position, per Japan's constitution, is defined as "the symbol of the state and of the unity of the people." <CN> Islam will spread out of love by redemption but not by terror. People will choose the path of truth, benevolence, beneficence.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is time to undo this conflation of religion and politics. What we are attacking is Islam, the religion, and Sharia law, the political system. If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. The reality is that Islam is both a religion and a political ideology, and its latter form is anything but peaceful. Egypt is a deeply religious society, and it is inevitable that Islam will have a place in our democratic political order. <CN> This implies an organized network with a political or even commercial organization, yet Islam is a religion, no one can be forced to join it.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is true, however, that cows hold a special place in Hindu society. This is akin, perhaps, to Islamic societies forcing women to cover up from head to toe. This is the theory behind karma: for every action a person sets in motion, there is a corresponding reaction. When you read them, you find that Ayatollah Khamenei agrees with Ahmadinejad: he also thinks the Holocaust is a myth. Some call it a monistic religion, derived from the belief that everything in the universe is part of one substance or nature. <CN> Another myth that is in line with the theory of the great replacement.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> She is the founder of Islamwich and a contributor to On Islam and Aquila Style. It follows the strict Saudi Arabian-inspired Wahabi interpretation of Islam, rather than the Sufi Islam of many Somalis. Mr. Ahmed, the former Pakistani ambassador to Britain, is the chair of Islamic studies at American University and author of "Journey into America: The Challenge of Islam" (Brookings, 2010). everyone is on board with the new strategy to defeat the Islamic state, however. Where is the flame of the Statue of Liberty that's called "Imprisoned Lightning"? <CN> The impression of Islamization comes from the over-mediatization of Islam. Today is like putting a spot on Islam when this religion has existed for more than 1500 years and no one was talking about it.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It was a difficult game and I never felt comfortable ... His centre is blocked, though, and PSG are able to calm things down. Lucas Moura is getting ready and he might give PSG more thrust in midfield. It hasn't been a happy relationship for some time and now that relationship is over. This is better from Arsenal, who decide to press high, winning the ball twice near PSG's area. <CN> Are you a mind reader? And if not, the psg wins the next game?
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> "Of course, it is undeniable that some Muslims butcher others in the name of Islam. It is, however, a pathology that seems to strike Westerners more than other people around the globe. It is used as a counterweight to the Muslim accusation that only the Europeans launched crusades. It is a different god, and I believe Islam is a very evil and a very wicked religion." But it is interesting that it is Islam that seems to be singled out for the most venomous treatment. <CN> It was only during the Crusades and colonizations that peoples forcibly converted people. Islam has always respected the religion of others.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> When it is a question of Islamic law, justice is in the hands of every Muslim. It is a shame that he was never to see the truth of Islam before his demise. Islam is the world's second-largest religion - behind Christianity and ahead of Hinduism, the third largest. Yet in that case it is the shared commitment to a liberal approach to religion that binds them together, not the basic compatibility of Islam and Christianity. The sad part is any such discussion is absent in Islam. <CN> Christians are present all over the world and no one asks questions.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> The attackers on Wednesday targeted Charlie Hebdo because it is a symbol of our freedom. No, it is a choice of dress reflecting a religious belief protected under the French Constitution. For Mr. Godard, a former intelligence officer, it is the nature of conversions that has changed. France is not at war against a religion, France is not at war against Islam and Muslims. The book quotes Hollande saying: It's true there is a problem with Islam ... and nobody doubts that. <CN> Do you know what the percentage of Muslims in France is?
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. The United States is not and will never be at war with Islam. Rebecca Minor, 28, of West Hartford, Conn., converted to Islam five years ago. Now there is concern that Trump's anti-Islam rhetoric could undermine that. Lindsey Faraj, 26, of Charlotte, N.C., converted to Islam four years ago. <CN> You have been saying the same thing for 60 years, nothing has been invaded.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is the strongest source of our power as a nation. It is in the very nature of Islam to territorially expand. It is the extreme islam that fears the US freedoms guaranteed under our constitution. But it matters that they are motivated by what they think is true Islam. Though it is McCathyism to force people to do the same. <CN> We need Muslims who come to power for that, it is far from being the case.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. "It is not despite the evil teaching of Islam, but it is by ignoring the teachings of Islam. It is between reasonable, rational mainstream Islam and extremist fascist Islam. But it is still her father's party in one important sense: it is still the party of fear. It is the latest example of the growing persecution against Egyptian Christians. <CN> That's the fear talking. And some political figures know how to use this fear and increase it. Islam is a religion of peace, nothing will come to invade you except your fears.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is between reasonable, rational mainstream Islam and extremist fascist Islam. It is possible for a person to be brave and wrong (mistaken, deluded). However, it is reasonable for police and policy makers to be concerned about Islamic terrorists. And that Pew Survey, depressing though it is, offers some material against negative stereotypes of Islam. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. <CN> No one can force another person to adhere to a religion.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam. It is not that Egyptians are suddenly more religious, political analysts said. And today it is clear that tyranny, evil, murder, and oppression are taking place daily in nation's dominated by radical Islam. It is that they are more apt to define themselves by their faith. And it is my first duty as president to protect the American people. <CN> Islam does not invade, proselytism is forbidden whoever chooses Islam out of conviction.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It has its place and no one can doubt its power in aiding democratic progress, but is not spiritual. It is the latter who offer the best hope for change. It is race and second classism, a sense that there is no way they can make their way forward in society. It is an unbiblical office that, even in its current form, seeks to claim both a spiritual and a temporal authority. We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." <CN> Islam has no colours or race. It is spiritual. It has no borders.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is an attack not just on Islam, and all religions, but also on freedom itself. "It is Islam that inspires the murderers every time again," he says. The group said Sunday Jan. 18, 2015 it is calling off a rally planned next week in the city of Dresden because of a threat against one of its organizers. In France's banlieues, the attraction of radical Islam is a type of youth movement, said Mr. Roy, author of a book, Holy Ignorance, exploring the lure of Islamic fundamentalism. In its fullest form, it is a complete, total, 100% system of life. <CN> Before the Christianization of France, there may have been a religion of majority, and before that, probably another one, and so on. After Islamization, perhaps France will become Buddhist, that is what simply makes the history of humanity.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> She is a political scientist, specializing in contemporary Islamic societies and Islam in Europe and in the United States. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. It would be misleading to think that this perception is new. It is time to undo this conflation of religion and politics. Islam within itself, Islam itself means peace, the government video states. <CN> Islam is not a disease. It is a religion, and everyone is free to practice it or not.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is of no value that the French people, who are the victims here, take to the streets. It helps the Front National, the people who hate and fear Islam. And it is my first duty as president to protect the American people. The promise of Hajj is spiritual rebirth, renewal of piety, and enhanced nearness to God and the values of Islam. While militant Islam is a public affair, theological Islam is private. <CN> If tomorrow, all French people converted to Islam out of conviction, what exactly would be the problem? As long as people are in step with their spiritual journey, this should not worry you.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> If Iran's purpose was to protect what it thinks is Islam, it has failed. It is true that in many Muslim countries, women do not have the same rights as men. Third, the Islamic world contains multitudes: It is vast and varied. It is the least open to dialogue and the most self-absorbed. <CN> This is impossible because men are free to choose their religion.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is a story of the rise of a moderate coalition and its counterattack against extremism. It is true that the idea of conquest is inherent in the soul of Islam," he said. It is clear that many of these factors, which are unlikely to disappear, cut across civilizational fault lines. It reinforced the fear of Islam and might have offered an implicit justification for the United States invasion of Iraq. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. <CN> You maintain the concept of the "clash of civilizations" in order to frighten people.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> I'm just saying it is not simply a matter of one quote pulled out of context. Perry, Ga.: Do you think it is possible for a public figure to say anything at all critical of Islam without this type of violence occurring? Most of it is about what Benedict sees as the overly narrow definition of reason in the West. However, it was not all he had to say about Islam. And -- honestly, where is the defender in our way of life? <CN> Quote of a man during the takeover of Mecca it is not the walls that he takes by storm this sound the hearts.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> Palestine is an Islamic Waqf land consecrated for Moslem generations until Judgment Day. Don't you think it the non-muslims in the Islamic countries deserve anything? This is not possible with Islam because of the fear of attacks and threats that are issued. It is the nation most responsible for the rise of Islamic radicalism and militancy around the world. It is a constitutional monarchy, stable (the monarchy has reigned for over 300 years), with active politics at work. <CN> Lol because France colonized our countries and took all the wealth, and then she put collaborators for eternity.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is pieces like this that have brought hate mail and threats via social media. It is WIN, WIN for all!There, Fundamentalist Islamic Jonathan-1982062, I corrected your post. But it is equally important that the media report on the troubled province more carefully. Al Qaeda's cause is not Islam — it is a gross distortion of Islam, he rightly said. Our religion is Islam and is nothing close to this religion. <CN> This is the result of listening too much to the media.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is no surprise that Wesleyan's decision has already been criticized by Delta Kappa Epsilon, one of its fraternities. In the name of equality and fraternity, liberty has been curtailed in France. "They would also violate Delta's core values of mutual respect and dignity. Now globally established with tens of millions of adherents, it is at the forefront of taking Islam back from the corruption of such "Muslim" nations. it's plain to see that the sole subject that poses a problem is radical Islam. <CN> Basing our relations on respect for the values of mutual respect, Freedom, Fraternity, Equality! This is what will allow us to live it together in peace, so let us be intelligent.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is an indication of where an inflexible doctrine can lead. It is impossible for societies to completely rid themselves of this polarizing rhetoric. In Islam : The Untold Story , Holland deals with the origins of the religion Islam . Ghannoushi is currently writing a book on Western Representations of Islam Past and Present. But it is not the dialogue the pope mentioned — one between Islam and Christianity. <CN> Islam certainly has a lot of followers, but you are exaggerating a little.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is between reasonable, rational mainstream Islam and extremist fascist Islam. If you read it literally, is it a religion of peace?DR. Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" You know for a fact that it's not a religion of peace. It is whatever people who call themselves followers decide to make of it. <CN> Islam is a religion of peace, fraternity, sharing, empathy, altruism. Everything you seem to be missing.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> But it is not the dialogue the pope mentioned — one between Islam and Christianity. "Of course, it is undeniable that some Muslims butcher others in the name of Islam. When it is a question of Islamic law, justice is in the hands of every Muslim. It is a different god, and I believe Islam is a very evil and a very wicked religion." This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. <CN> No one has ever been forced to convert to Islam. That would be known.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> Of course, it is not only in Muslim countries that women face severe oppression. It is always worth remembering that these people represent a tiny minority. The Vatican says it will contact several Muslim countries to clarify the pope's position on Islam. It is not enough for Muslims to point out that these people do not represent the religion. "We decided then that to be heard, it must come from influential people in the Muslim world. <CN> Ahhhh, well! Ahhhh it is for this reason that more and more French people are moving abroad! In the sun! Uh, in Muslim countries where it is good to live!
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> She believes that won't happen unless clerics make it clear the Quran is, in her words, just a book. Whatever it's called, this ideology is very different from the religion of Islam. Well there is a difference, obviously in using the word "Islamic" and "Islamist extremists." As American Muslims, it is our responsibility, then, to expose this sham, especially when Islam is so prominently featured in our national conversation. Al Qaeda's cause is not Islam — it is a gross distortion of Islam, he rightly said. <CN> These words remind us of a sad time in history.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> When it is a question of Islamic law, justice is in the hands of every Muslim. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. It would be misleading to think that this perception is new. It provided them with basic information about Islam and Al Qaeda. It is time they came up with more credible talking points. <CN> Can you provide me with statistical studies on this subject?
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is one of the six basic pillars of faith in Islam. "It is important to respect these religions and not show the film. It takes care of human rights and is guided by Islamic tolerance when dealing with the followers of other religions. It is sad to see so much hate in this country and little education about other cultures and religions. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. <CN> As all the religions, Islam is only about saving our souls.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> Mustafa Akyol is a columnist and the author of Islam Without Extremes: A Muslim Case for Liberty. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. The latter is especially prevalent since the rise of the Islamic State. The rebrand is an influential Islamic institution's attempt to stop the militant group smearing the reputation of Islam. The Qur'an is at the heart of Muslim faith, ethics, and civilization. <CN> If this is the result of the understanding of Islam as transmitted by the first Muslims then you could only rejoice.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is important to understand that the French ban is not specific to Islam. President Nicolas Sarkozy calls it the symbol of France's friendship with the Arab world. For Mr. Godard, a former intelligence officer, it is the nature of conversions that has changed. Government officials say the bill is an effort to discourage fundamentalist Islam from taking root in France. The book quotes Hollande saying: It's true there is a problem with Islam ... and nobody doubts that. <CN> In France the majority of citizens are against the veil or any other religious sign. This reality must be admitted.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> "Of course, it is undeniable that some Muslims butcher others in the name of Islam. Spencer is an author and scholar of Islam, and Geller's partner in anti-Islam activism. It is a different god, and I believe Islam is a very evil and a very wicked religion." It provided them with basic information about Islam and Al Qaeda. But it is interesting that it is Islam that seems to be singled out for the most venomous treatment. <CN> Islam doesn't need you, but you need it for your controversy.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> The only right way to do it is by relying on truth. Using that emotive word sounds good in the Western press, but it is meaningless in Islamic culture. The first duty of the intellectual is to tell the truth. Now there is only one, and it is the worse one. It is time, he said, for Muslims to fix their own house. <CN> The truth has never frightened the honest man! But you may not be in the end, which would explain this determination.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> "Of course, it is undeniable that some Muslims butcher others in the name of Islam. When it is a question of Islamic law, justice is in the hands of every Muslim. This post is part of the Islam and International Order symposium. The latter is especially prevalent since the rise of the Islamic State. It is impossible for societies to completely rid themselves of this polarizing rhetoric. <CN> The purpose of Islam is not to invade you, but to free you.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> Whatever it's called, this ideology is very different from the religion of Islam. It's important that Americans understand Islam does not condone violence or the imposition of religious beliefs. Al Qaeda's cause is not Islam — it is a gross distortion of Islam, he rightly said. She believes that won't happen unless clerics make it clear the Quran is, in her words, just a book. I believe calling it what it is ... radical jihadis, he said. <CN> Would you like a war of confessions? These are the words you're saying.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is a different god, and I believe Islam is a very evil and a very wicked religion." It is an obligation that is sourced widely in Islamic scripture, beginning with the Quran. "Of course, it is undeniable that some Muslims butcher others in the name of Islam. When it is a question of Islamic law, justice is in the hands of every Muslim. It is in these chants that the mystic sees God more clearly than they see their own selves. <CN> Islam calls to God: it is a proposal and never an obligation!
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> His followers built an Islamic civil society movement in Turkey, asking only religious freedom from the state. Based on this evidence, it is difficult to make the case that the Central Asian approach to religious policy is somehow conducive to freedom of religion. It is time to undo this conflation of religion and politics. Abandoning Islam is traditionally considered not just apostasy, as it is in other religions, but a specific transgression called ridda. some written by Baptists — in favor of Jefferson's religious freedom statute. <CN> Islam advocates religious freedom in accordance with the verse "No coercion in matters of religion".
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is time to undo this conflation of religion and politics. It is an attack not just on Islam, and all religions, but also on freedom itself. Neither is the point that religious people are better than secular people. It probably also overstates the claim that the Arab world is hostile to secularism. This is largely because the right, like much of European society, has become more secular. <CN> Rather, it is diverted secularism or globalization that destroys the religions and identities of people.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> And it is unjust in the extreme to impute to all of Islam the deeds of Al Qaeda and the ilk. It is supported by 1,000 years of Muslim history in which religious freedom was cherished. Many people here point out certain Islamic practices found in many Islamic dominated countries in the world. Is it against criticizing a religion or against abhorring its practitioners because they are of foreign descent? It is instead admirably restrained, deeply appreciative of some aspects of Islam and ultimately far more interested in raising provocative questions than in definitively answering them. <CN> Islam is already long been the first religion in terms of practitioners.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is neither wholly pretty, nor banal, this new tale of Islam in the West. "This is what Islam is like: Islam of killing, Islam of terrorism, Islam of setting things on fire. Hence it is important to intensify dialogue among the various religions, and I am thinking particularly of dialogue with Islam. It is an increasingly familiar story of the spread of radical Islam, failing or failed states, the fallout out from the Iraq War, and the uprisings in Egypt, Libya and Syria. Islam and Tulemaganbetov asked for time to confer privately in another office. <CN> Islam is like the movie E. T or invaders otherwise JUST STOP NETFLIX from time to time.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is an attack not just on Islam, and all religions, but also on freedom itself. It is also possible that all religions are mistaken, because atheism is true. It is up to the believers whose religion motivates them to heroic love to condemn the extremists. Your main premise that Islam is that it is a religion like Baptist or Catholics or maybe like Judaism. It is another thing entirely to attack and threaten outsiders who may choose to make fun of your religion. <CN> We are in France; each one chooses the religion he wants. No one to invade anyone, but stupidity and ignorance have invaded your brain.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> Your best bet, then, is to separate your booze from your brew. But it was at university that booze and I became properly acquainted. It's important to me to know that drinking is a choice, not a need. It is unclear when the deaths occurred, and the circumstances could not immediately be confirmed. It is hilarious to watch the media do mental gymnastics to try to avoid concluding that radical Islam was what motivated the bombings, he said. <CN> When you drink booze, it goes back to your brain.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> Islamism is not Islam, but it is an offshoot of Islam. But it is radical Islam that has become the lightning rod for this fury. Jihadism, however, is something else entirely: It is the doctrine of using force to spread Islamism. He is the author of Islam in the Balance: Ideational Threats in Arab Politics (Stanford University Press, 2014). It is why the University of Notre Dame appointed him as Henry R. Luce professor of religion, conflict and peace building. <CN> Religious, philosophical or ideological convictions know no borders because they are universal.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is east of Madagascar and about 200 kilometres southwest of Mauritius, the nearest island. It was filmed at the AnNur Islamic School in Schenectady, N.Y. by a National Park Service intern. She is a political scientist, specializing in contemporary Islamic societies and Islam in Europe and in the United States. These biographies are indeed in libraries across the Islamic world . The videos also promoted Islam as a pioneer in women's rights and addressed a general ignorance about what Islam is. <CN> Islam is the majority in Mayotte, very present in Reunion Island. Does that mean that the inhabitants are not doing well?
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> "It is not aggression, and it does not mean to commit harm against other people. "It is a concept, a noble concept, within Islam that emphasizes a personal struggle within yourself to be a better person, a better husband, better wife, better worker, better neighbor," he explained. The group wants to reform asylum laws and says it opposes Islamism. Charlie Hebdo mocks everyone, he said, while Geller is strictly anti-Islamic. In Germany, Mr. Khorchide said, it is particularly easy for migrants to fail. <CN> If Islamization means wanting the best for his neighbor, to return good for evil, to promote good behavior, to fight injustice, what harm is there to that?
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> Obama's critics believe he's being Pollyannaish about the nature of the threat and how it is inherently tied to Islam. In its fullest form, it is a complete, total, 100% system of life. Christianity is expected to grow, too, but not at Islam's explosive rate. "Yes, France is at war against terrorism, jihadism and radical Islam," said Valls. It says little data is available on conversion, but what little there is suggests Islam loses as many adherents via conversion as it gains. <CN> 10% of the population is far from the great replacement.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It is true that in many Muslim countries, women do not have the same rights as men. It is true that Islam has never undergone a total Reformation, but it has experienced mini-enlightenments. I am concerned it is more ammunition that continues to water down what this country was founded on, she said. But that fact alone is not enough to declare Islam a religion that is intrinsically more patriarchal than Christianity or Judaism. "Despite the rapid growth of Islam, Christianity seems set to remain the biggest religion in the world for the next 20 years. <CN> While it is well known, Christianity was created at the same time in all the countries of the world where it is the major religion.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> It must be admitted that there is much to dislike about the European Crusades. It is used as a counterweight to the Muslim accusation that only the Europeans launched crusades. It is a subtly radical work that praises the inventions and lifestyles of Islam at a time when Europeans were becoming less blinkered by Christianity. It is true that the idea of conquest is inherent in the soul of Islam," he said. It is a door on a lost room in the story of art, ideas and cultural encounters. <CN> So when Europeans militarily invade whole continents, it is a nice sharing culture, a civilizing mission.
<HS> Islam will invade us: It is Islamization. <knowl> Islam prohibits the consumption of alcohol, and the vast majority of Turkey is Muslim. The study found that more than 300 million Muslims, or one-fifth of the Muslim population, live in countries where Islam is not the majority religion. The rebrand is an influential Islamic institution's attempt to stop the militant group smearing the reputation of Islam. The largest group of American Muslims is actually African American Muslims, the vast majority of whom follow Sunni Islam. Using proportionate bubbles, it maps the size of Muslims communities worldwide. <CN> Islam is one of the minority religions in this country and it is sustainably so. To believe that there is an extra-terrestrial plot to Islamize France is a pure delusion. A large proportion of French Muslims are of immigrant origin. Parents and grandparents were brought in as cheap and docile labours. It turns out that they were also largely Muslims and attached to their religious practice. And their children and grandchildren are also the vast majority.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Fundamentalist terrorism, in psychological terms, surely terrorises Muslims most of all. President Obama claims his strategy against Islamist jihadist terrorism, which he often sugarcoats as violent extremism, is working. Former French president Nicolas Sarkozy asserted that "nothing can be as it was" in the war against "Islamist terrorism." But those few who see the world through jihadist lenses will be that much more likely to act violently. In a Texas mosque dominated by the Salafi school of thought — widely equated with religious fundamentalism — the congregants condemned terrorism. <CN> #islamophobia. You mix terms like Salafism (religious doctrine), Fundamentalism (positioning in the debate), Islam (abstract), and terrorism (violent action).
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> What might we mean when we talk about other people with such words? Usually implies boredom with topic or lack of concern for a precise definition of meaning. OneLook Dictionary - Search for word definitions, their meanings and look up phrases from multiple dictionaries. Thinkmap Visual Thesaurus - Nice way to research and explore connected meanings of words with visual aid. Her answer: make the competitors learn the meanings of the words they are asked to spell. <CN> You mix together definitions and you use words that have no meanings, I can invite you to talk about it to have a precise definition.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> The faith of terror is not the true faith of Islam. The West is in a war of ideas against political Islam. He wants to be spreading misinformation about the religion of Islam.... I lost Lebanon, my country of birth, to radical Islam, she wrote. Can the spiritual values of Islam play a role in the political change underway?See photos of: Barack Obama, CairoTo report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor. <CN> I agree that it is our fault if you have a total lack of culture on ISLAM, I invite you to drink a tea with me for some clarifications.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> But Im not really comfortable doing TV interviews; its not my nature. The exchange resulted in a moment of shock, a hurried exit and, a week later, an apology. These ads, CAIR has announced, begin airing on TV on Sept. 11.They have got to be kidding. That's what one lawyer joined lawmakers in suggesting Sunday in a fiery exchange on America's News Headquarters. But he said that too many Americans only heard about Islam after terrorist attacks, and that this must change. <CN> I invite you to unplug your TV and go to a mosque to meet, exchange and learn.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> "In recent years, fundamentalist Islamists with similar Salafist stripes to the Islamic State have attacked tombs and defiled shrines from South Asia to Africa. The Taliban and other Islamist terrorist groups are not, of course, secular organizations. The progressive Islamist has a much looser interpretation of Islamic law compared with the Salafists. The drop in turnout reflected the dissatisfaction of so many Egyptians with the performance of the parliament, where the Brotherhood and its fundamentalist Salafist Islamist allies control roughly two-thirds of the seats. Since the rise of Islamic militancy in the 1970s, the hardline Salafist Islam practiced by terrorist groups has dominated American media coverage. <CN> Could you enlighten me on the following definitions: fundamentalist / Islamist and Salafist.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> The school opened four years later , in 1871 , with six students . Brother Wayne was also a friend of the Dalai Lama, and carried on a close Catholic-Buddhist dialogue with him for many years. Many master classes are open to the public, regardless of a student's training or background. The videos spent considerable time on the aftermath of the terrorist attacks and how perceptions of Islam changed. For many years, there has been much talk about the conflicts between blasphemy and free speech within Islam. <CN> Oh poor, that's what happens after so many years of colonization, the student surpassed the master!
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> And unfortunately, the terrorists and the mainstream share a lot of these bad ideas. It's said only 5-10% of Muslims are extremists, the graphic Schilling tweeted read. Hamid Dabashi is Hagop Kevorkian Professor of Iranian Studies and Comparative Literature at Columbia University in New York. Within minutes of Murdoch's mild clarification, Ansari wrote in response: Hahahah you got forced to do a fake apology tweet!!! In an email to Awful Announcing (AA), Schilling attacked Mortensen's credibility while ripping the website's coverage of his tweet. <CN> There are too many -ists in your tweet. This is the new language of identity?
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> In 2001, just 33 per cent of British Muslims lived in Britain's poorest places. American security, the future of Muslims in America and meaning of Islamic teachings are at stake. Nevertheless, stereotypes of Muslims appear to be an important ingredient in how Americans think about policies targeted at terrorism. It is, rather, the emergence of a tribalized society in which people have an increasingly narrow sense of belonging. Encyclopedia of Islam analysis of hurriyya, discusses this concept in the latter phases of the Ottoman Empire through the contemporary era. <CN> So many words describing your lack of personality. Pretty copy and paste all over the place of long-winded pseudo-experts in terrorism.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> tweeted another Salafist-jihadist mainstay, Abu Qatada al-Filastini, who was deported from Britain in 2014, to tens of thousands of followers. But the Islamist terrorist groups target the particular anxieties of Western Muslims from immigrant backgrounds, posing recruitment as a religious loyalty test. Enabled by the Internet, he argues, "the global Islamist terrorist social movement forms through the spontaneous self-organization of informal 'bunches of guys,' trusted friends, from the bottom up. Shortly after Trump was declared the victor, a number of prominent Salafist ideologues linked to jihadist outfits in the Middle East took to social media to cheer the prospect of a Trump presidency. Aymenn al-Tamimi, an expert on Islamist movements, said that the video was the first official appearance by Baghdadi, although the jihadist leader may have appeared in a 2008 video under a different name. <CN> You forgot jihadist, table tennis players, sprinter, Salakist. In good milk Sheep!
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> While these laws don't overtly target Muslims, their advocates sure do. Read about the "New law "Fiqh" of muslim minorities in the West". Defining the Muslim identity as an Islamist, a salafist, a jihadist or a wahhabist can no longer be acceptable to a moderate Muslim at home with American liberty. There is a constant stream of violence and threat against abortion providers from the Right, along with the terrorist attacks against Muslims. While Americans do tend to divide the Muslim public into secular and Islamist groups, polls show that Muslims do not divide so neatly. <CN> Muslims respect the laws and, conversely from you, they respect others in their diversity.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Tests: 4. Total matches 23, Pts 0. Versatile prop and tourist par excellence. Tests: 2. Total matches 5, Pts 0. A brief but illustrious Lions career. Tests: 7. Total matches 45, Pts 9. Uncompromising son of Llanelli who was an exemplary tourist. Tests: 7. Total matches 24, Pts 8. Consummate all-round forward who succeeded Windsor in 1977. In other words, he's a suppressive and you shouldn't give credence to anything he says. <CN> Do you know other words that end in 'ist' for 5pts?
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "7019", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Donald H. Rumsfeld", "key" : "Donald_H_Rumsfeld" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "1407570", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2008/US/09/11/911.day/index.html#cnnSTCText", "publishDate" : "2008-09-12T02:49Z", "headline" : "Nation remembers 9/11 victims, heroes", "wool" : "", "tease" : "With moments of silence punctuated by somber music, readings of names, and tears, Americans held solemn memorial services Thursday to honor the victims of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "3253", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Beyonce Knowles", "key" : "Beyonce_Knowles" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2134669", "weight" : "94", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354954,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-27T15:47Z", "headline" : "BeyoncÃ© and Jay-Z Not Expecting a Baby", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "Despite rumors, a source close to the singer says she is not pregnant", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2125036", "weight" : "70", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/03/17/paula.abdul.star.search/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-03-18T12:47Z", "headline" : "10 celebs who got famous after 'Star Search'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Perhaps we don't give Paula Abdul enough credit. { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "12096", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Ellen Degeneres", "key" : "Ellen_Degeneres" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2137377", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20355576,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-30T14:50Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Comic Book to Benefit Humane Society", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The new illustrated biography touches on the comedian's love of animals", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2131881", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354165,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-24T19:28Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Gets Under Gerard Butler's Kilt", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The talk-show host wonders if Scottish star prefers to go commando", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2104872", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/02/26/ellen.degeneres.american.idol/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-02-26T15:35Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres' 'Idol' performance draws mixed reviews", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even before Ellen DeGeneres took her seat on \"American Idol,\" the roar began. { "threshold" : "26", "tag" : { "id" : "11365", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Alec Baldwin", "key" : "Alec_Baldwin" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2133772", "weight" : "33", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354813,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-26T15:29Z", "headline" : "Ask Tina Fey a Question!", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "On 30 Rock she spars (lovingly) with Alec Baldwin, and in her new comedy Date Night Tina Fey teams up with Steve Carell as part of a couple who try to spice up their marriage - with disastrous results. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "6412", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Shaquille O'Neal", "key" : "Shaquille_O_Neal" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2146938", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/04/02/shaunie.oneal.basketball.wives/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-04-08T16:28Z", "headline" : "Shaunie O'Neal on the lives of 'Basketball Wives'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even though she knows what it's like to be married to a superstar athlete, Shaunie O'Neal is so over the Tiger Woods drama. <CN> If you like it. Are you sure you haven't forgotten anything? If it can be, mix more.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> But a more important criticism of the education that many Muslims children receive may be that it is just not very good. Ervin Kohn, a Jewish community leader, said: It is unique that Muslims stand to this degree against antisemitism and that fills us with hope ... particularly as it's a grassroots movement of young Muslims, adding that the rest of the world should look to Norway. Clinton, however, said that Trump's statement is a reflection of much of the rest of his party, saying that many GOP candidates have also said extreme things about Muslims. That language, says Imtiaz, is best found by Muslims thinking in a more religious way. Muslims, having been more likely than the rest to have degrees, are now less likely. <CN> Can a Muslim wear that many hats? What does he do the rest of his free time? These Muslims must hold polytechnic degrees!
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Fundamentalist terrorism, in psychological terms, surely terrorises Muslims most of all. We mustremain unbowed despite the bludgeonings of the brutal Islamist, we must remain the masters of our fate. Hundreds of times since the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001, Sikhs have been the victims of bias crimes. As a Muslim, I am happy that a known terrorist like Usama bin Laden has been brought down and his reign of terror has come to an end. The voters will end up providing the answer to that question. <CN> Honestly, this kind of comment does not even deserve an answer.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> But the refrain of the Hindu nationalists -- "all Muslims are not terrorists but all terrorists are Muslims" -- is no less wrong and dangerous. "Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, speaking on racism in parliament on Monday, said Islamist terrorists had succeeded in raising levels of anxiety about Muslim immigration. How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Cremation would neither shame the bodies of dead terrorists, nor haunt the minds of would-be terrorists, as powerfully as would a symbolic inversion of standard Muslim rites. <CN> Terrorists would be very happy if this was the case.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> But it was in many ways her formal introduction to the country. "Now, all scripture, the Bible, the Koran, can be interpreted in many ways. No assault is more offensive to Islam (which enshrines free will) than compulsory belief. In many ways the town reflects the very complex map of India's democracy. The terrorists are traitors to their own faith, trying in effect to hijack Islam itself. <CN> There are many currents in Islam and many ways of practising your religious knowledge according to your free will. What you say makes no sense. I'm not sure you know what you're talking about.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> One example is Willard Espy 's poem , " The Word : Orange " . Compound words or phrases may give true or near rhymes . It is claimed that the word orange has no true rhyme . The word orange entered Middle English from Old French and Anglo - Norman orenge . The word orange is both a noun and an adjective in the English language . <CN> This person likes the words that end in ists. And rhymes!
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> But even depictions of Mohammed by Muslim artists have been a sensitive issue. That said, while very few Salafists are terrorists, jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists. It comes a week after Islamist terrorists killed 12 people at the paper's offices. The cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed provoked widespread outrage in the Muslim world two years ago. Islam categorically forbids any depictions of Mohammed, and blasphemy is an incendiary taboo in the Muslim world. <CN> I am a Muslim and I am the Sunna of my Prophet Mohammed.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Interpretation of scripture is what separates a fair person from a hateful fanatic. In his own words, Breivik connected his violence to a warped Christian version of jihad. Hear Harpreet in her own words, and see other testimonials from Sikhs around the country. If these aren't the statements of someone with boatloads of humility, well, maybe Trump doesn't know what the word humility means. However, they're not the root cause of our struggle," she continued before directing her words to the immigrants she had previously condemned. <CN> The person who writes these kinds of comments is unable, in his own words, to define what they are using.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> a million casualties" --- Now let me ask a few questions. They are doubly excoriated by Islamist fighters: as kuffar and as Assad stooges. President Obama is flat out wrong in not describing the terrorist threat accurately. How about the two world wars in which untold millions were killed by whom? Few labels are abused as easily and frequently in America as that of "terrorist." <CN> There will be millions of them on earth to help.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> While U.S. agencies continue to focus on anti-Western Islamist terrorists, their German counterparts have recently been forced to investigate the opposite: anti-Muslim terrorism. As a further deterrent to those seeking fodder for xenophobic, anti-Muslim or anti-Semitic beliefs, this tome costs $65. Furthermore, to the more xenophobic and anti-Semitic opposition fans, all of this is the classic red rag to a bull. "Jaeger called the groups affected by the ban "xenophobic, racist and anti-Semitic,'' adding: "They employ fists and knives against their political opponents. There are people who see any criticism of Israel as anti-Semitic. <CN> This statement is like saying "Germans are all xenophobic anti-Semitic".
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Hardline Islamist agendas likely have only a narrow base of support. The expectation that people have of Muslims these days is pretty confusing. Probably so, but the Vatican is also responsible for confusing that issue. He warned it was concerning that people are confusing criminality and religion. This content is confusing at best and intellectually dishonest at worst, he said. <CN> Wow, but you're confusing several notions, you're going to have to choose which one qualifies them.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Isis, in other words, poses no existential threat to the western world. In other words, it's kind of sciencey, with animal and museum stuff, too. In other words, he found ways to change his understanding of his faith from within. In other words, it recruits in the same way that any other armed group recruits, including the U.S. military. Russia has faced Islamic terrorist in the past, largely from Chechen separatists who have killed hundreds with bomb blasts in apartment buildings and market places. <CN> No other words in ist. Biologist, chemist, it is good for making bombs.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Seventeenth century French philosopher René Descartes deployed a similar argument . If the proposition is analytic , as the ontological argument takes it to be , then the statement would be true only because of the meaning given to the words . Generally speaking , they are less formal arguments than natural intuition . His incendiary language associates Mexicans with rapists and Muslims with terrorists. Today many may be fearful of terrorists, immigration or losing ground economically. <CN> If you can give me the definition of all the words you use, I may listen to your arguments, if you have any.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Hooper told Fox News he was dumbfounded by complaints about the Arabic version of the pledge. Terrorism ends when terrorists have no audience, and no new recruits. Just as Islamist extremists benefit the far right, an emboldened French far right benefits Islamist extremists, allowing them to drive a greater wedge between Muslims and non-Muslims and feed their "clash of civilizations" narrative. Nor is it likely to usher in an Iranian-style Islamist regime. Michael Goodwin is a Fox News contributor and New York Post columnist. <CN> What do you mean by Salafist Islamists? We must avoid being dumbfounded by the continuous news channels BFM.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Islamists are precisely those about whom the Koran warned Muslims, the 'Munafiqun' (the hypocrites). In Kenya, the Somali-based Islamist terrorists Al Shabab ambushed a bus and slaughtered 28 passengers whom it identified as Christian because they could not recite verses from Koran. Again and again, when Westerners are perceived as denigrating Muhammad, the Koran, or Islam, Islamists demonstrate, riot or kill. Like many Muslims, I wonder: can Islam survive the Islamists?Twelve years after 9/11, political Islamists continue to broaden their reach. A Muhammad cartoon published each day, or Koranic desecrations on a quasi-regular basis, would make it harder for Islamists to mobilize Muslim mobs. <CN> Yes. Fundamentalists, Islamists, Salafists. With the true definitions of its words Terrorists and Muslims are opposites to the Koran, you will understand.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Muslims are responsible for more terrorist incidents than everyone sles combined. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. They back Hamas and disagree with those who call it a terrorist group. The venom on the airwaves, equating Muslims with terrorists, should embarrass us more than you. Do you honestly believe that all Muslims are terrorists or support terrorism against non-Muslims? <CN> I even heard from NKM that they would even be Kouffarists.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Some protesters scaled the embassy wall and stood on top of it, planting the Islamist flag used by the Muslim terrorist group al-Qaeda and other extremists. Egypt's Islamist President Mohammed Morsi vowed to protect foreign embassies in Cairo, where police were using tear gas to disperse protesters at the U.S. mission. Photo: Mohammed Zaatari / APPalestinian Islamists burn an effigy portraying U.S. President... Hamra / APEgyptian police fire tear gas at protesters during clashes near the... Hani Mohammed / APProtesters run from tear gas released by riot police during clashes... <CN> You're right, and I also noticed that most of them are gas or heating pump operators.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Tunisia's Islamist government has declared a hardline Salafist group a terrorist organization, intensifying its crackdown on Islamist extremists and distancing itself from their violent activities, the New York Times reports. The progressive Islamist has a much looser interpretation of Islamic law compared with the Salafists. Since the rise of Islamic militancy in the 1970s, the hardline Salafist Islam practiced by terrorist groups has dominated American media coverage. On Saturday, the largest Salafist political party, Nour, and its founding organization, Dawa Salafiya, backed the progressive Islamist Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh. On the surface of it, the Sunni Islamist group Islamic State would seem like a logical partner for the Sunni Islamist group Hamas. <CN> You can be "fundamentally" Islamist and Salafist but in the peaceful way.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> There are some curious gaps and questionable assertions in this book. The second question asked what share of Muslims worldwide supported ISIS. Those judgments should be fact-based, not based on questionable assertions or dubious assumptions. Do you honestly believe that all Muslims are terrorists or support terrorism against non-Muslims? The consumer is left playing doctor, reading questionable assertions that course through the unfiltered garbage of the Internet. <CN> Many ists to better support these questionable assertions. The suffix ist has been well selected.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> This means that by 2050, more than 6 out of 10 people on Earth will be Christian or Muslim. At that time, Muslims will make up nearly one-third of the world's total projected population of about 9 billion people. There are few people on Earth who are not horrified by ISIS. The Rohingya may be the most well-known forgotten people on earth. I'VE heard it said that we Nigerians are the happiest people on earth. <CN> I do not understand this simplistic sequence concerning a world population of 1.5 billion people on Earth, which has never been at the origin of colonial massacres throughout history or the tragedies of the 20th century.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Your struggle for full acceptance in this country is one you will win. The older kids have had to reconcile what has been perpetrated in the name of Islam by people calling themselves Muslims with what Islam really is—a faith of reconciliation, peace and the acceptance of all of God's people. You also can't just build willy-nilly in these fraught areas of memory and expect silent acceptance. I see a similar struggle that my African American ancestors have fought to win acceptance in this country. The Egypt-based Islamist movement, Gaffney alleged, harbored a sinister bid to destroy American society and implement Islamic law. <CN> Far from it, quite the contrary, Islam advocates peace and acceptance of the other.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Fundamentalist terrorism, in psychological terms, surely terrorises Muslims most of all. The death toll of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie was an early signal of the lengths to which later Islamist terrorists would go. ISIS and other Islamist terrorists continually slaughter Christians in their communities and places of worship as part of their global jihad, he said in a statement released on Monday. In regards to Islam, the words "moderate'" and "radical" are relative terms. But the application of the term creates more problems than it solves. <CN> Could you define Islam for me and these three terms that are discussed?
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> FARC in Colombia had annual revenues of $80 million to $350 million. Examples would include members of terrorist organizations such as the FARC in Colombia, the PKK in Turkey, Aum Shinrikyo in Japan and so on. Others will find the march as another example of the scary Islamization of America. Most Muslims are peaceful and are ashamed of the actions of an extreme small percentage who are misguidedly carrying out terrorism in the name of Islam. Such organizations are increasingly converging and even forming hybrid bodies like the FARC in Colombia. <CN> Your answer is too Manichean. We live in a world of nuance. Perhaps there is a tiny part of it that is part of it just as will go to Ireland or the farc in Colombia or other African Christian groups are part of it. This is not the hallmark of Islam.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Do you honestly believe that all Muslims are terrorists or support terrorism against non-Muslims? Defining the Muslim identity as an Islamist, a salafist, a jihadist or a wahhabist can no longer be acceptable to a moderate Muslim at home with American liberty. How great is the Islamist group's influence?The mystique surrounding the terrorist leader isn't dead. Such a law, he argued, only appeased "fundamentalist Muslims" and harmed the interests of the lay Muslim majority. It would not have been hard to attach any of the appropriate restrictive adjectives — radical, extreme, Islamist — to the word Muslim. <CN> I am Muslim and none of these adjectives represents me, so, no.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Anti-Muslim incidents in France also increased steadily from 2005 to 2013. How would you like it if I made noise and a big mess? The only people terrorists speak for are themselves and the others involved in their despicable plot. In the last five years, only 2% of all terrorist attacks in Europe have been religiously motivated. Sometimes little things get bigger, people lose patience and perspective, there's a spark and you get a big mess. <CN> If that were the case, it would be a big mess in France.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> "Terrorist attacks," Ms Meyer says, "are very good for a party like the FN and for its leader, Marine le Pen. 9 % - the best showing ever for the FN . P90 personal defense weapon and FN Five - seven pistol . Twenty permanent employees of the FN were also dismissed in 2008 . The FN has been part of several groups in the European Parliament . <CN> That's the phrases BFM and the FN loves to feed more hatred.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Researchers at California State University found that negative statements about Muslims by politicians following terrorist attacks was one of the driving factors for increased hate crimes. That plays into the hands of terrorists," a department official said. Olaikhan said he didn't blame Trump for proposing the ban, and understood Trump's motivation was not to harm Muslim-Americans, but rather to protect America from more terrorist attacks. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. And after the terrorist attacks by the Islamic State in Brussels this week, Mr. Cruz went further than Mr. Trump has gone by calling on the authorities to patrol and secure Muslim neighborhoods. <CN> These are free and unjustified attacks that seek to stigmatize a community.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> One of them was Salah Abdeslam, who was captured in Molenbeek, after an intense manhunt, on March 19.For Islamist imams and terrorist ringleaders, such neighborhoods — heavily Muslim, densely populated, with high unemployment and crime rates — have proved fertile territory for recruiting violent jihadists. After weeks of killing, Lombard said, whatever social fabric that was once there has been torn to shreds. It was just six weeks after the November Mumbai terrorist attacks and Indian Muslims were being viewed with suspicion across the country. "No, it is not, it is a reaction to the terrorist attacks by the mad dog muslims that have infected the civilized world. Whole neighborhoods are abandoned and Muslims who cannot leave are hiding inside mosques that have not already been set ablaze or destroyed by angry crowds. <CN> The truth is that the majority of Muslim(s) involved in the social fabric of their neighborhood.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> The Spanish Inquisition was my fault, as is all Christian fundamentalist violence. How can my 60 year old parents in NC help destroy terrorist groups? It, too, is being referred to as a hate crime, not a terrorist attack. DeGeneres was horrified, tweeting that being racist is the furthest thing from who I am. He also called Murdoch a "racist piece of s---" and started a popular hashtag, "#RupertsFault," blaming Murdoch for historic tragedies he had nothing to do with. <CN> Forgot fundamentalist, racist, Welfare beneficiaries. Do you have any more?
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> But if ''family'' has many verbal definitions, its visual definition is singular. The equivalence of this GCD definition with the other definitions is described below . "The revision is now a "well-crafted" definition of how the term is used, Giovagnoli said. Current IFRS rules prescribe the definition of a select few terms, including revenue and profit or loss. The proposed definition of the candela is effectively the same as the current definition , but has been rephrased . <CN> You should read the definition of these terms or should I say read the definitions of these terms as you seem to be in total ignorance.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Once you have a Muslim parent, especially a dad, you're in. If you don't know any American Muslims—you do now by reading this. Do you honestly believe that all Muslims are terrorists or support terrorism against non-Muslims? Defining the Muslim identity as an Islamist, a salafist, a jihadist or a wahhabist can no longer be acceptable to a moderate Muslim at home with American liberty. Whether you like it or not, Muslims all over the world see you as one of them. <CN> You have never talked to a Muslim who seemed open you mind?
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> The attackers, Islamist militants from the Shabab, the Somali terrorist organization that has claimed responsibility, were reported to have taunted the victims, saying they came ready to die, and it would be a good Easter for them. The death toll of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie was an early signal of the lengths to which later Islamist terrorists would go. The victims often have nothing to do with the alleged offense. The remains of 136 newly identified victims were interred on Saturday. If they were all terrorists, everyone would be dead by now. <CN> We could just wait for a next hitler and maybe we too will become victims ?.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> It struck a raw nerve as if there was an assumption of collective guilt, whereas the vast majority of French Muslims regard themselves, first and foremost, as French citizens. A French court on Tuesday acquitted French far-right leader Marine Le Pen of incitement to hatred, a charge leveled after she compared Muslim street prayers to a foreign occupation. Any incitement to hatred must be fought with the greatest firmness. "He said there are "lawless enclaves" with "Islamist incitement" and weapons. We have come to expect incitement from Palestinian terrorist organizations like Hamas. <CN> This is an incitement to hatred and stigmatizes some French citizens.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Where this hatred comes from and why we will have to determine, the statement continued. The U.K. has banned more than 100 people for unacceptable behavior, including preaching hatred. Now the site where the statement was published redirects to the Republican's campaign homepage. EllmanÂ told fellow MPs that the MAB and Tamimi were provokingÂ anti-Semitism under the guise ofÂ anti-Zionism."He (Tamimi) and his arguments incite hatred against Jews. Trump made the statement following the Islamic State-inspired shootings in San Bernardino, Calif., last month. <CN> Your statements incite hatred and are punishable under the law.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Radical Islamists have filled the void, influencing people with anti-Christian rhetoric, community leaders and activists say. If you are a Christian, there will be a price to pay. Christians often are forced to pay the jizya - a "protection fee for being Christian". We must not give up our freedoms, some insisted: it is what the Christian fundamentalist terrorists want. Muslim extremists in Iraq demand that Christians pay a tax or face crucifixion, according to the Iraqi government. <CN> Christians are all fundamentalist terrorists in the pay of the Iraqi people.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> "Questioned by Donovan, Rauf clarified terms such as jihad and fatwah, saying both have been oversimplified by law enforcement and the media. Knowing that these terrorist attacks are not about religion, we have to reach a point where we stop bringing Islam into these discussions. That a peaceful interpretation of the religion, or even one that is non-radical, can only exist by ignoring fundamental texts is flawed in its logic. It is viewed as the succession to the state founded after the Prophet Mohammed's death and, according to Islamists, is to be governed by one interpretation of Sharia. Rauf made clear Islam's image has been distorted by radical fundamentalists who insist on strict adherence to their interpretation of the Koran and impose a fascistic order on certain countries. <CN> You are reducing the richness of this religion to an interpretation rather than questioning if it is only through your media.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> How great is the Islamist group's influence?The mystique surrounding the terrorist leader isn't dead. During the Second World War, more than 110,000 people were forcibly detained in U.S. government detention camps. Some 1.7 million New Yorkers served in World War II, more than from any other state in the union. Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day honors all veterans of the second World War but specifically pays homage to those killed in the sneak attack. Get it through your head, Chris."Trump said he did not support internment camps, which Roosevelt had set up during Second World War. <CN> Have you already forgotten how the Second World War began? By thoughts such as yours.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Freedom of speech means the freedom to insult and be obnoxious. But I can still raise my voice against words of hatred. What other purpose can they have but to incite hatred against Muslims? Critics accused her of swapping the FN's historic antisemitism for Islamophobia. Muslim Americans have suffered as a result of hate speech targeted against us. <CN> The sole purpose of your speech is based on hatred under the guise of Islamophobia.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> He added: I don't want to get killed because of my name. ... The Sweden Democrats said the deal confirmed it was the only genuine opposition force. Call a criminal a criminal; don't call a Muslim a terrorist, Murab said. Ignoring the rising threat of Islamist ideology in a misguided belief that we hope to defend Muslims only makes anti-Muslim sentiment worse, because it risks the average non-Muslim being persuaded to blame those Muslims over there. By taking only the racist's Islamophobia into account, we minimize the danger of his racism. <CN> You can call us all the names, but the only truth is that racism leads nowhere.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> "You run the risk of profiling law-abiding citizens in the country who happen to be Muslims," he said. Read about the "New law "Fiqh" of muslim minorities in the West". Sixty percent of the country is Muslim, and just over half are ethnic Malay. How great is the Islamist group's influence?The mystique surrounding the terrorist leader isn't dead. Some analysts doubt whether France's military commitments play the critical role in spurring resident Muslims to answer the Islamic State call. <CN> Muslims are citizens like any other and respect the law of the country in which they live according to the verse "O you who believe! Respect your commitments! ".
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> In the last five years, only 2% of all terrorist attacks in Europe have been religiously motivated. The terrorist attacks were held to show that history may have paused, but it had reignited with a vengeance. Muslims have carried out only 6% of terrorist attacks on U.S. soil since 1980.Though attacks against Muslims in the West receive little coverage, they have been far more widespread. Even India cannot bask too smugly in its democracy: there, poverty is more stubbornly entrenched than in China, corruption is ingrained and mass murders between religious groups and by Maoist terrorists erupt frequently. Al-Maliki has proposed that an amnesty be offered to former fighters, but those who have carried out "terrorist attacks", killed Americans or who have supported Saddam Hussein are to be put on trial. <CN> Oh la la I don't understand much of "ISTS" anymore.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> The abuse of secularism by the right-wing parties of Europe to exclude Muslims is fundamentally undemocratic. So much for the Judeo-Christian roots of European culture; once again, the Jews of Europe are made to feel like foreigners. In the early republic, popular accounts of Mohammedanism were largely limited to tales of the capture and enslavement of Americans in Muslim lands. They echoed the era's best-selling accounts of colonists trapped by American Indians. In contrast freedom of religion for Jews, Christians and muslims is allowed in Israel. <CN> Who exterminated the American Indians? Who exterminated the Jews of Europe? Who exterminated the peoples of Africa? Muslims perhaps.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> That hatred is of course pernicious and it must be combated. Proponents of the petition have accused Trump of inciting racial hatred. Where this hatred comes from and why we will have to determine. Social media abounds with Islamophobes seizing this atrocity to advance their hatred. <CN> How to spread hatred and amalgams with 3 letters: Ist.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Such a law, he argued, only appeased "fundamentalist Muslims" and harmed the interests of the lay Muslim majority. We already know that the general goal of terrorists is to provoke a response as harmful as the original attacks. Only when these five things are recognized as inherently harmful and when they are repudiated and nullified, she writes, will a true Muslim reformation have been achieved. Most see Islam as compatible with modern societyEarlier Islamist movements have argued that Muslim communities should return to conservative, traditional practices because their faith is somehow incompatible with modern society. The remaining 37 per cent thought it was good for society. <CN> It is harmful to attack a calm minority who only wants one thing: to integrate into the society.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> The organisation said in its submission Muslim women were invisible in the debate over family violence. Just because the Islamists embrace an ignorant interpretation of their Holy Book does not mean that all Muslims do. Its cover this week features the provocative new novel by Michel Houellebecq, Submission, which satirises France under a Muslim president. Do a search on submitters or submission.org and you will get thousands of sites and thousands of muslim warning of how fake and anti-Islamic that viewpoint is. The capital of this Muslim country was festooned with American flags. <CN> That's not true, we are Muslims, which means submission to the Lord. The latter is good and commands us to do only good.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> The terrorists want Muslims everywhere to believe the West is at war with Islam. But Berlusconi chose to launch a grotesque war against Islam and Muslims," the newspaper said. Overwhelming majorities of the world's Muslims reject violence against civilians in the name of Islam. Now the terrorists who did 9/11 said they were doing it in the name of Islam. How great is the Islamist group's influence?The mystique surrounding the terrorist leader isn't dead. <CN> Terrorism is contrary to Islam which tolerates only defensive wars and respect civilians.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Various Islamic terrorists were in contact with Awlaki before engaging in terrorist acts. There is no denying the connection between radical imams and terrorist acts. In addition, mainstream Muslims must combat the negative publicity created by those who commit terrorist acts in the name of Islam, Al-Marayati said. But we have seen a great many terrorist acts committed by Muslims since 9/11. Now, there is a fact about our modern world, and that's while most terrorists -- while most Muslims are not terrorists, the vast majority of terrorist acts that happen these days do occur in the Muslim world or in the name of Islam. <CN> Islam has existed for 1440 years but the terrorist acts are recent and are rarely attributable to Muslims (nationalist Mafia, etc.)
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Fundamentalist terrorism, in psychological terms, surely terrorises Muslims most of all. Today, nearly 1 out of 4 people in the world are Muslim. The idea that reciting those words would help magically defeat the terrorists is absurd, and worse. I mean they're all terrorists right and a Muslim why is it offensive to other Muslims. "Well, the correct answer is that he is not a Muslim, he's a Christian," Powell said. <CN> Answer by the absurd: if they were "all", there would otherwise be more victims since there are nearly 2 billion Muslims in the world!
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> He noted that his wife, Ms. Bhutto, was a victim of a terrorist attack. This is true regardless of who you are; if you're talking to people whose opinions you find absurd and reprehensible, chances are you don't come from a background they respect. My views are pretty similar to those of South Park, Wilson said this week. An earlier version of this article misstated the duration of Mr. Zardari's planned visit to Britain. If you're less lucky, depending on the situation, you may want to get out of there quickly. <CN> Answer by the absurd: if they were all, why would they be the most numerous victims of terrorists?
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Assad should eliminate as many Sunni rebels Fundamentalist Islamic Holy Warriors of Islam as possible. Fundamentalist Islam, only the Fundamentalist Islamic Interpretation of the Holy Koran (Quran), all other Interpretations are the Death Penalty Heresy. Islamic people need to teach themselves about Islam and divorce it from terrorism. It is WIN, WIN for all!There, Fundamentalist Islamic Jonathan-1982062, I corrected your post. The Nation of Origin does NOT determine Moderate Islamic Believers, nor Fundamentalist Islamic Believers, their Actions do. <CN> The term Islamism was coined during colonization to designate those who were against the settlers and their policy of inhibiting Islam, especially in the Maghreb.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Freedom fighters target the military forces and the organized instruments of repression keeping dictatorial regimes in power. Mokhtar Awad and Nathan Brown point out the mutually reinforcing nature of state repression and this disaggregated extremist turn in Egypt. As SCAF safeguards its power, hard-line Islamists seek to control Egypt's narrative, tightening the noose around the neck of the Egyptian people. His regime has quickly proven more repressive even than Mr. Mubarak's. As Anani points out, the equation of the Islamic State with other Islamist trends serves the interests of both hostile regimes and of the Islamic State. <CN> Terms used to legitimize dictatorial regimes and to justify repression and massacres of peoples as well as shot status as in Egypt.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> "He added: "He's attractive to many Americans who see their country slipping through their fingers. Ronald Tan, the host of a Christian radio talk show called For God and Country, also speaks. Videos released in recent days by the Russian military appear to show some of their weapons missing their targets. He wrote of interest he got from a male athlete from a notoriously homophobic country, and named the event, possibly exposing the athlete. Another great British tradition is respect for other cultures and religions; for centuries we have been doing this far better than many countries in the world. <CN> It is a shame to think like that, because there are so many countries you'll never dare to visit. You are missing out on dozens of opportunities to become smart.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> For subjects, he chose men whose ideas or actions altered human history: Louis XIV, Cosimo de Medici, Descartes, Pascal, Socrates, St. Augustine, Jesus. The legacy of Louis XIV can be measured in French wallpaper. Both Louis XIII and Louis XIV wore wigs to conceal baldness. It was a modern way to talk about Louis XIV, Othoniel says. In response , she begged Louis XIV to intervene , but he stealthily declined . <CN> From time to time, opening a history book about something other than Napoleon, Charlemagne or Louis XIV does not hurt. And would also give a better idea of the complexity and richness of the world.
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> In researching my book, I came away in awe of anti-Semitism. In doing so, they unwittingly gave the anti-Semites some new ammunition. But Mel Gibson, he said, is "the portrait of an anti-Semite." Anti-Semitism is the most durable and pliable of all conspiracy theories. I surely do not accuse the President or his associates of anti-Semitism. <CN> You have forgotten: anthropophagi, Satanists, crypto anarchists, Bolsheviks, Arab Masons (and yes, you have never heard of it, It is a plot!), anti-Semites, murderers. Let's be specific, please!
<HS> Muslims are all fundamentalist Islamist Salafist terrorists. <knowl> Fundamentalist terrorism, in psychological terms, surely terrorises Muslims most of all. Indian press reports suggest that terrorists tortured the couple before killing them. In regards to Islam, the words "moderate'" and "radical" are relative terms. But the application of the term creates more problems than it solves. Germany has had a difficult time coming to terms with its immigrant population. <CN> You couldn't even define any of these terms clearly, without thinking.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> I met many Muslims around the world who feel that, along with airplanes, the terrorists hijacked their religion. They cannot even entertain religion as a motivating factor in terrorism. That plays into the hands of terrorists," a department official said. Some call this evil Islamic radicalism, he said in the speech. If they were all terrorists, everyone would be dead by now. <CN> Hate speech. No generalizations, please. Terrorism is not linked to any religion or race.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Many assume that people who commit terrorist attacks in the name of Islam are religious zealots. Yet the causes of violent extremism are poorly understood, and programs are often targeted at the wrong audiences. Years later I was living in New York when terrorists flew airplanes into the World Trade Center, murdering thousands of people. Instead of Civilization vs Extremism, they are making it Americans vs Muslims, using the wrong definitions of both America and Muslims. At the Taj hotel, the terrorists asked for the numbers of the rooms occupied by foreign, especially American and British, guests. <CN> In terms of statistics, it is wrong. You want sources?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Should we not profile Asians although the Uighur terrorists looked asian. The venom on the airwaves, equating Muslims with terrorists, should embarrass us more than you. Raina and blogger Little Willow are holding a contest looking for readers' most embarrassing dental stories. Our findings are consistent with a theory in psychology that terrorists are looking for a way to find meaning in their lives. It takes only one terrorist success for the system to fail. <CN> And the opposite? Because I'm looking at a history book of the third grade. And it is embarrassing for you.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. Indeed, in his manifesto, Breivik often quotes from American neoconservative sources. President Obama properly took them to task for this un-American xenophobia. <CN> For a task of the first grade can you give us your encrypted sources?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. She and her husband said they lament the terrorist acts that took Christian, Muslim and Jewish lives. I mean they're all terrorists right and a Muslim why is it offensive to other Muslims. By the way, those terrorists that flew planes into the WTC and Pentagon, they were muslims, period. Orlando, more Americans had been killed since Sept. 11 by white-nationalist terrorists in the U.S. than by Muslims. <CN> But who really are all these Muslims all over the world?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Of course nobody wants terrorists hijacking planes and plotting dangerous operations. He was punished," Yudhoyono said in Jakarta, adding that Indonesia has arrested hundreds of suspected terrorists and sentenced three linked to the 2002 Bali bombings to death. The three were convictedinstead of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists. The other sentence is: Frankly, Muslim life is cheap, especially for Muslims. So I apologize for my sentence, not least because it misrepresents me. <CN> Emphasize the verb, subject and remove the movable complement, reread the sentence.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. The greatest terrorist threat to European and American cities comes from radicalized Muslim citizens. Every terrorist act carried out in the name of Islam profoundly affects all Muslims, alienating them from fellow citizens and deepening the misperceptions about their faith's ethos. It does not purport to be a film about Islam or in any way generalize that Muslims are terrorists. He adds: The West will eventually turn against its Muslim citizens. <CN> About 6 million Muslim citizens in France against a dozen 'terrorist' people allows you to soak everyone in the same bath? Nice thinking!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Many times, Trump has said, 'Not all Muslims' - he's not talking about all Muslims, said Tamer, a Republican. Instead of working to identify would-be terrorists, the surveillance program essentially classifies all Muslims as would-be terrorists. But when terrorists claim the Muslim mantle, then they bear this identity,... "Nevertheless, none of that mattered, and similar to today, too many want to paint all Muslims, including American Muslims, with a broad brush. We can ask seriously, Can we really ban all Muslims from entering America? <CN> If a minority of 'Muslims' allows you to say that ALL Muslims are terrorists, then if you have a defective neuron in your brain, we can deduce from your logic that you are completely crazy!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> But the refrain of the Hindu nationalists -- "all Muslims are not terrorists but all terrorists are Muslims" -- is no less wrong and dangerous. The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends. . . . Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Just to be clear: The people who commit violence in the name of Islam are not Muslims, they are murderers. They do not represent me, my family or any other Muslim I know. <CN> No, NOT ME! Seriously, I have not done anything and most of the people who are 'terrorists' are not Muslims! More seriously, there are studies that say that! Check it out!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Fifteen years ago, the United States was attacked by terrorists claiming to act in the name of Islam. It's easier for non-Muslims, he says, to pit "peace-loving Muslims versus rabid violent terrorists who hijack Islam. They simply got closer to their religion, immersing themselves in Islamic scripture. We want both sides to work together to live in peace side-by-side. Let's denounce terrorism, oppression and misogyny in the Islamic world — and everywhere else. <CN> Islam means peace, it has never advocated violence, but love, let peace be with you, my brothers and sisters in humanity.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> "actor noted that although the FBI is reportedly investigating 1,000 potential "homegrown violent terrorists," that number comprises just 0.03 percent of the 3.3 million Muslim Americans - nowhere near representative of the entire population. The first six indicators address whether a country has a history of violent extremism against minority populations and is presently targeting an entire population as being a possible threat to the country. "Suspected terrorists can buy assault rifles, but we're still carrying tiny bottles of shampoo to the airport," he wrote. The terrorists lined up hostages, separated Muslims from Christians and others, then tested the self-proclaimed Muslims on their knowledge of... But that of course would be racial discrimination, just as his targeting Syrian refugees is discrimination on the basis of nationality. <CN> This type of statement categorizes an entire population without any basis.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> For many Muslims in the Middle East, and many Muslims in France, they aren't. Leiter said the burkini ban would further alienate Muslims in France. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. "And I am also afraid of the consequences on Muslims in France. But the CFCM needs to represent all Muslims in France - especially its youth. <CN> Considering that there would be 6 million Muslims in France, you are implying that there would be 6 million terrorists in France ?! A tip. Do not go out of your home!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Those include parental consent and a requirement that any minor desiring euthanasia demonstrate a "capacity for discernment" to a psychiatrist and psychologist. The Republicans answer to everything- cut taxes for the richest and education for the masses. He was fired for not towing the left line by appearing on a non-liberal media outlet. Arrested for the first time at age 12, he received a diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia as a young adult. It was part of a series of terrorist attacks in Paris that night, that Islamic State later claimed responsibility for. <CN> The abuse of the mass media seriously affects the capacity for discernment. If the symptoms persist, consult a psychologist. Most likely you became paranoid.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Iranian women have among the fewest children of anyone in the Muslim world. "Every year, an incalculable number of Muslim young women are lost to the wider world," says the report. We are not terrorists," one Muslim man said, his voice rising. Using proportionate bubbles, it maps the size of Muslims communities worldwide. It becomes increasingly difficult to determine the race of a Muslim. <CN> Look at the number of Muslims in the world, I hope not.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> No anti-Islamic acts have been reported in Germany since the terror. In other words, the strategy of these terrorists is to provoke Islamophobia. Understanding why requires understanding what motivates someone to become a terrorist in the first place. They think if we don't let anyone in here, then the terrorism stays overseas. In his forthcoming book, The Muslims Are Coming!, Arun Kundani identifies two narratives about Islam that have fueled the war on terror and its cousin, Islamophobia. <CN> What are your references in terrorism? Pay attention, Islamophobia is not a reference.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? The Constitution has plenty of ways of dealing with Islamic terrorists. Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. It takes only one terrorist success for the system to fail. <CN> You are too smart to believe in what you tweet .
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. She and her husband said they lament the terrorist acts that took Christian, Muslim and Jewish lives. I mean they're all terrorists right and a Muslim why is it offensive to other Muslims. By the way, those terrorists that flew planes into the WTC and Pentagon, they were muslims, period. Orlando, more Americans had been killed since Sept. 11 by white-nationalist terrorists in the U.S. than by Muslims. <CN> You know all the Muslims, that must make the world?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Some of us believe in the strict application of Islam and that doesn't make us terrorists. If law enforcement becomes bigoted in how it searches for terrorist dangers, the odds of another terrorist attack increases. The history of Islam and violence is not subtle or vague. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. In other words, the strategy of these terrorists is to provoke Islamophobia. <CN> Islam is a religion of peace whether terrorists like it or not.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. <CN> Bring your sources so that we can explain them to you one by one.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> I don't believe in a lot of things that other religions believe in. Anyone posting their belief in God should have their posts removed - irrespective of "religion". I'm living in a scientific world which has given so much more to humanity than religion ever has. We are in solidarity with freedom of and freedom from religion. They murder, torture, rape in the name of their god Allah. <CN> There are extremists in all religions. The essential thing is to remember that God does not want to kill him towards these brothers and sisters in humanity.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> But still we are charged by many with the task of policing a religion of more than a billion people. There are more and more people -- I'm in the community, Muslim community. The venom on the airwaves, equating Muslims with terrorists, should embarrass us more than you. Well and it would be different too if the pictures were not of the actual terrorists that people. NEW DELHI -- Terrorist attacks have shattered the peace in more than half a dozen Indian cities over the past year. <CN> It is such a terrorist religion that more and more people are converting.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> A woman makes a peace sign gesture at a protest in Los Angeles, California, against religious hatred. A new nation run by terrorists would obviously destroy any chance for peace in the Middle East. How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Proponents of the petition have accused Trump of inciting racial hatred. <CN> Why in hatred for a community that just doesn't ask to be at peace :(.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> That said, while very few Salafists are terrorists, jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists. terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located. Consider the choice of targets of the terrorists: A magazine that in the terrorists' minds had insulted the Prophet Mohammed. How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? <CN> If we were all terrorists, the world would no longer exist.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> They built up human beings and (promoted) enlightenment, creativity and rebellion. Which is a tragedy if it's happening to fellow human beings. In addition, the voices of mainstream Muslim scholarship should not be ignored. We are no longer dealing with human beings, simply fighting the realm of the demonic. Ironically, the Jabaras aren't Muslim, they're Christian, but were perceived to be Muslim. <CN> It makes no sense to say that Muslims are all terrorists. It is to make an amalgam, Muslims are human beings like any others, you can't put everyone in the same direction. We all have our own particularities, we are not a uniform group, we have different backgrounds, different situations and different aspirations.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> We know, I said, that the vast majority of Muslims seek peace. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. French Council of the Muslim Faith head Dalil Boubakeur, who attended the ceremony, affirmed that the vast majority of French Muslims are not anti-Semitic. There is a lot of unawareness of Islam in this country. "The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam. <CN> The vast majority of Muslims aspire only to live in peace by living in accordance with the precepts of Islam.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Implying that these terrorists speak for Islam aids their propaganda, Mr. Obama said. There can be no doubt that some Muslims wrongly believe that their terrorist act is sanctioned by Islam. The terrorists are traitors to their own faith, trying, in effect, to hijack Islam itself, the president said. I mean it just said, 'Terrorists, Islamic terrorists,' that's all, Ms. Sperber said of what she did see. "The terrorists used the name of Islam, but they did not have that right — Islam means peace and harmony. <CN> In Islam it is strictly forbidden to kill. This would be tantamount to kill all of humanity, which is a very serious sin.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Yes, Israel would fight the terrorists, but not the Palestinian people. It comes a week after Islamist terrorists killed 12 people at the paper's offices. "The current wave of terrorism has not been directed by any organization, but rather is directly inspired by the intensive incitement accompanying it. To generate hope, we have to stop the terrorism, he said. Any incitement to hatred must be fought with the greatest firmness. <CN> Incitement to hatred terrorism is prohibited because it would have harmed the people who would harm them!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. But former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said Clinton shouldn't hesitate about calling the terrorists Muslims. I mean they're all terrorists right and a Muslim why is it offensive to other Muslims. Orlando, more Americans had been killed since Sept. 11 by white-nationalist terrorists in the U.S. than by Muslims. The terrorists lined up hostages, separated Muslims from Christians and others, then tested the self-proclaimed Muslims on their knowledge of... <CN> If the 1.5 billion Muslims were terrorists, we would have known quickly.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> then, the difficulty of making the attacks comprehensible to young children. In Australia after the hostage crisis, some Muslims feared revenge attacks. The pan-Islamist character of the attacks in Mumbai must be stressed. Pope Francis prayed for the victims of the attack and their families. Europe's bigger problem is the divide between its Muslim and non-Muslim communities. <CN> We deplore the attacks and the resulting terror. We all deplore all violence! We are all aware of the confusion between Muslims and terrorists.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Implying that these terrorists speak for Islam aids their propaganda, Mr. Obama said. Does the ruling by the Islamic council of India affect the Islamic community. Some Trump supporters publicly frame the battle against Muslim terrorists through the prism of the Crusades. Another option for the Muslim Council to entertain is a symbolic inversion of Islamic death rituals. "Terrorist," after all, is the mother of all damning labels in this post-9/11 age. <CN> Those who terrorize do not respect any foundation of Islam.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> "What else can you compare this to except to prewar Nazi Germany?" But skepticism of refugees is not limited to fringe parties or neo-Nazis. Our enemy is a radical network of terrorists and every government that supports them. German Neo-Nazi attacks mainly are verbal, because racist remarks are counted like attacks. Unfortunately, that is what many American policymakers have been doing by calling terrorists jihadists or jihadis. <CN> Then I can say that "all the Germans are Nazis.".
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> That said, while very few Salafists are terrorists, jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists. Religious schools in Pakistan do educate terrorists, but so do Pakistan's public schools — and Western universities. But let's dip deeper into these three people to understand what moved them to become terrorists. terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located. Teams of the al Qaeda-affiliated terrorists entered the mall's first and second floors in a two-pronged attack. <CN> Caucasian extremists are said to be mentally unstable while the same bazanés are described as terrorists.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Except this is not a mosque or traditional house of Muslim worship. We cannot allow terrorists to intimidate us into abandoning our values and humanitarian obligations. Twice, terrorists used explosives to try to destroy the village's locally famous shrine. Terrorists want to create fear and terror - it is what they exist to do. "There will always be exceptions," Trump told the Times in an interview published Monday. <CN> The Saudis are exceptions since there is nothing to complain about when it comes to trading with them.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located. Teams of the al Qaeda-affiliated terrorists entered the mall's first and second floors in a two-pronged attack. Consider the choice of targets of the terrorists: A magazine that in the terrorists' minds had insulted the Prophet Mohammed. But should reporting of Pope Benedict's trip to Britain be balanced by a discussion of Catholic terrorists in Ireland? But the refrain of the Hindu nationalists -- "all Muslims are not terrorists but all terrorists are Muslims" -- is no less wrong and dangerous. <CN> If they were all terrorists there would be millions of terrorists on earth today! Let's lock them all up!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> That said, while very few Salafists are terrorists, jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists. So these are terrorists - this is a terrorist regime - we can't talk to. I suspect that the terrorists might celebrate its presence as a twisted victory over our society's freedoms. Consider the choice of targets of the terrorists: A magazine that in the terrorists' minds had insulted the Prophet Mohammed. How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? <CN> Terrorists are all frustrated offenders who are rejected by the Society.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> "The terrorists' religion is not Islam, which they are betraying," Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said last week. You making things up?Deport followers of Middle Eastern religions (Judaism, Christianity, Islam) back to the Middle East. The videos spent considerable time on the aftermath of the terrorist attacks and how perceptions of Islam changed. This horrific attack is a complete violation of Islamic law and norms and the perpetrator is no way representative of the Muslim people or the religion of Islam. True Muslims know or should know that it goes against our religion to try and force Islam on anybody. <CN> Ignorance of the Muslim religion, Islam is a religion of peace.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? The mission for our military should be clear - defeat the terrorists. Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. An international jobs program is not a strategy to defeat terrorists. <CN> I never answer that statement because it is an irrational statement.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> That plays into the hands of terrorists," a department official said. You have the television series Homeland that portrays them all like a bunch of terrorists. Officials from Britain's department of transport have refused to answer any questions on profiling proposals. Donald Trump's proposal to register all Muslim Americans in a government database passes for debatable policy. Do you favor or oppose this proposal or do you not have an opinion one way or the other? <CN> Unfortunately, this proposal was taken up by the political class.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> But we have seen a great many terrorist acts committed by Muslims since 9/11. She and her husband said they lament the terrorist acts that took Christian, Muslim and Jewish lives. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Various Islamic terrorists were in contact with Awlaki before engaging in terrorist acts. She divides the Muslim world into two groups: Mecca Muslims and Medina Muslims. <CN> There are more than a billion Muslims in the world, so if that were the case, we would have seen more terrorist acts.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> For instance, 171 of the 188 terrorism cases studied involved no actual attacks. Experts have long searched for a useful psychological profile of terrorists, without much success. "Terrorist," after all, is the mother of all damning labels in this post-9/11 age. Bratton has a difficult job, and I am grateful for all he does to keep the people of New York safe. That plays into the hands of terrorists," a department official said. <CN> Terrorism has always existed and it is the work of terrorists, linking it to Muslims shows the will to stigmatize this community and make it responsible for all evils.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> On the other hand I belive that Muslams are allowing terrorist to be the face of their religion. If they were all terrorists, everyone would be dead by now. We are all human beings who have to live on this planet together - no matter what our personal beliefs may be. That's just a basic premise of being a good human being. Mikkimoto seems to be talking about honor and dignity...of human beings. <CN> A Muslim can be subject to psychological disorders like any human being, so before you put everything back on his religion, see if the person you describe is psychologically stable, if not, then sympathize with his condition and offer him to treat himself.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? They were the seething terrorists, without any sort of humanizing attributes. Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. His first film role was Terrorist No. 4 in Executive Decision. <CN> If that were the case, you wouldn't be here writing me incongruities.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> His incendiary language associates Mexicans with rapists and Muslims with terrorists. Today many may be fearful of terrorists, immigration or losing ground economically. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. In other words, the strategy of these terrorists is to provoke Islamophobia. <CN> Like any generality, this argument is not a general one.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. But if terrorists cannot be accurately identified, this is a waste of time. "This is a gift for Muslims in India on the occasion of New Year. <CN> The amalgam is easy since it starts from a sophism. All terrorists are Muslim (this has yet to be proven). Muslims are all Muslims, so all Muslims are terrorists. This sentence is as true as this sophism: All cats are mortal. Socrates is mortal, so Socrates is a cat.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> "You think we're all terrorists," a woman in Cairo told me. It, too, is being referred to as a hate crime, not a terrorist attack. But let's be careful not to respond to terrorists' intolerance with our own. Houda Saadi, a 35-year-old waitress of Tunisian descent, was celebrating her birthday with her sister Halima and 10 other friends at La Belle Equipe in the 11th arrondissement when two terrorists sprayed the terrace with gunfire. Rather it is between terrorists and moderates, between those who are tolerant and those who otherize. <CN> A single counter-example is enough to prove that not all Muslims are terrorists. However, it is not difficult to find a (and even several) neighbour, friend, colleague or acquaintance who is both Muslim and at the same time "non-terrorist".
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The terrorist tactics will also constantly change and evolve, but the terrorists will not. Instead of working to identify would-be terrorists, the surveillance program essentially classifies all Muslims as would-be terrorists. How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? But the refrain of the Hindu nationalists -- "all Muslims are not terrorists but all terrorists are Muslims" -- is no less wrong and dangerous. <CN> It is wrong to generalize because there would be 1.5 billion terrorists.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" You know for a fact that it's not a religion of peace. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. I'm not going to tell you, "Islam is a religion of peace." Nothing?Of course, the overwhelming majority of Muslims are not terrorists or sympathetic to terrorists. <CN> Islam is a religion of peace misinterpreted by a tiny minority that does not make all Muslims terrorists.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> A blond toddler is made to feel guilty for sharing a resemblance with Norwegian far-right terrorist Anders Breivik. But the refrain of the Hindu nationalists -- "all Muslims are not terrorists but all terrorists are Muslims" -- is no less wrong and dangerous. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Muslims, Christians and Jews worship the same God, just in different ways. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. <CN> Just because terrorists claim to be Muslims, does not mean that all Muslims should be put in the same bag. Just as Anders Breivik claimed to be Christian, we should not consider Christians as terrorists.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? they hate western culture and they will always "create" new terrorists. Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. Islam did not attack the World Trade Center - al Qaeda did. <CN> What frightens me personally is the ignorance you proudly display in the eyes of the world.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends. . . . Cremation would neither shame the bodies of dead terrorists, nor haunt the minds of would-be terrorists, as powerfully as would a symbolic inversion of standard Muslim rites. Teams of the al Qaeda-affiliated terrorists entered the mall's first and second floors in a two-pronged attack. However, scholars of the First Crusade generally consider the text authentic. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. <CN> The first victims of terrorists are Muslims. Are you sure?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The terrorists are traitors to their own faith, trying, in effect, to hijack Islam itself. The terrorists want us not to think - they want us to cower, to rage, to fight. "The terrorists' religion is not Islam, which they are betraying," Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said last week. There's been plenty of talk over the past few years about the radicalisation of young Muslim men. There can be no doubt that some Muslims wrongly believe that their terrorist act is sanctioned by Islam. <CN> Islam has existed for more than 1400 years, and I have only heard this statement for a few years, I don't know where I was thinking all that time.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> If we don't give people enough love, then the terrorists have won. That said, while very few Salafists are terrorists, jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists. The only people terrorists speak for are themselves and the others involved in their despicable plot. Well and it would be different too if the pictures were not of the actual terrorists that people. Consider the choice of targets of the terrorists: A magazine that in the terrorists' minds had insulted the Prophet Mohammed. <CN> If 1 in 7 people in the world were terrorists, there would no longer be anyone in this world for a long time.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Terrorism is just terrorism, and it should not be linked with anything else. These fears cannot be calmed unless the Indian state cracks down vigorously on terrorism, regardless of the suspects' religion. I see Rupert Murdoch has come up with a foolproof method to ensure that the United States is safe from terrorism. Why don't Muslims denounce terrorism?Just to be clear: American Muslims and U.S. Muslim organizations have unequivocally denounced terror attacks. There remains a real threat, especially from lone wolf attacks, as the cachet of the Islamic State inspires Muslims around the world. <CN> At present, the only terrorism is state terrorism. I will not mention the great world power that has granted itself the right to life and death on the entire planet or even some rogue murderous colonial oriental states.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> These (terrorist) issues concern 1,000 individuals," said Socialist lawmaker Patrick Mennucci. French authorities are warning the nation against linking French Muslims with terrorists. But the large new Muslim populations are not always welcome, he said. That makes them 4.8% of the population, the second largest religious group. The latest example, however, is not only shocking but, for me, deeply depressing too. <CN> Do you have a concrete example, do you know the Muslim population?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends. . . . This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. And we have to afford that same assumption of innocence to Muslims. McKenzie complains that the news media rarely captures the civil engagement of Muslims. <CN> I do not support this. If we go back to the beginning of terrorism, the initiators were not Muslims.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends. . . . Whenever an attack occurs, commentators chide moderate Muslims for not doing enough. That explains 9/11, and it also explains the terrorist attacks in Paris last week. I mean they're all terrorists right and a Muslim why is it offensive to other Muslims. <CN> We can't say without proof. It has been proven that many attacks attributed to Muslims have in fact been false flag operations.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends. . . . This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. And we have to afford that same assumption of innocence to Muslims. These are people from oppressed minorities, these are people who have been victims of terrorism. There have been spontaneous physical and social media expressions of solidarity with the Muslim community. <CN> Did you know that over 90% of global victims of terrorism are Muslim?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> There is no simple way for American Muslims to move forward. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. The script called for his character, Raza, to be a Muslim terrorist. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. HARRIS ZAFAR, NATIONAL SPOKESPERSON FOR AHMADIYYA MUSLIM COMMUNITY: Thank you so much. <CN> No, studies show that most terrorists are not Muslims (separatists for example).
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Battle-hardened jihadists are more likely at the moment to travel to Syria than to Mali. The Mali gunmen weeded out Muslims by demanding that hostages recite verses from the Quran to be freed. Islamist fighters from Libya and elsewhere brought violent jihadism to Mali in the wake of the fall of Muammar Qaddafi in 2011. And because of the use of American and allied force, the Islamic State is losing ground in Syria, Iraq and Libya, he said. When I asked another class what responsibility we have to explain to others that terrorists don't represent all Muslims, the response was mixed. <CN> It is not the Muslims who are bombing Syria, Libya, Mali and so on.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> it is sad, but they CHOOSE to enter a war zone. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. If you go into a war zone you take risks its not a game. We all know it's a war zone and there are 100% risks in life. Our news media jumps all over our soldiers if they make a mistake in the war zone. <CN> If Muslims were all terrorists, France would be a war zone.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Beyond the debate about the wisdom of barring terrorists from social media, it may simply be impossible. These same factors also help determine media coverage of such incidents. If they were all terrorists, everyone would be dead by now. Bear in mind that the term "terrorist" is legally significant, too. Social media abounds with Islamophobes seizing this atrocity to advance their hatred. <CN> This is what the media want to show when it is totally false.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> We believe that media can have an important impact, says Helali. These same factors also help determine media coverage of such incidents. If they were all terrorists, everyone would be dead by now. Bear in mind that the term "terrorist" is legally significant, too. Social media abounds with Islamophobes seizing this atrocity to advance their hatred. <CN> Stop listening to the media and make your own truth.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. But the refrain of the Hindu nationalists -- "all Muslims are not terrorists but all terrorists are Muslims" -- is no less wrong and dangerous. Vengeance and hatred directed at Muslims as a whole serves Islamic fundamentalists well. Cremation would neither shame the bodies of dead terrorists, nor haunt the minds of would-be terrorists, as powerfully as would a symbolic inversion of standard Muslim rites. But former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said Clinton shouldn't hesitate about calling the terrorists Muslims. <CN> Do you have the right to call all Muslims around you terrorists? Your colleagues at work, your classmates, your neighbour?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Implying that these terrorists speak for Islam aids their propaganda, Mr. Obama said. They shouted USA terrorists and held signs that read Islam Will Dominate the World. The terrorists want Muslims everywhere to believe the West is at war with Islam. ""I am on death lists of Al-Qaeda and the Pakistani Taliban and terrorists from ISIS because I tell people the truth about Islam. Now the terrorists who did 9/11 said they were doing it in the name of Islam. <CN> Those who know Islam well and practice it (Mr. And Mrs. Everyone) do not make people talk about them on the one hand, and on the other hand they are rarely or never talked about.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> There are more and more people -- I'm in the community, Muslim community. Of course, we shouldn't hold ordinary people responsible for what violent people do in their name. Impressionable young people should know that their communities reject violence, and Muslims should indeed speak out — and they do. Many in our society believe that terrorists and extremists represent the Islamic faith, a religion of 1.4 billion people. Is he an anomaly?GABRIEL: Mike -- there are people like Mike, but where are the funders of people like Mike? <CN> Since when has a people or a community been judged through the behaviour of a few misguided people?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> But so they learn about the true tenets of their Islamic faith. Implying that these terrorists speak for Islam aids their propaganda, Mr. Obama said. Does the ruling by the Islamic council of India affect the Islamic community. Another option for the Muslim Council to entertain is a symbolic inversion of Islamic death rituals. The survey, by the Public Religion Research Institute, measures the feelings of different religious groups toward Islam. <CN> I don't have to teach anyone who does not want to know the universally known values of Islam,.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> It is unconscionable that this administration continues to release known terrorists. The terrorist tactics will also constantly change and evolve, but the terrorists will not. Terrorists don't fit a profile and cannot be plucked out of crowds by computers. Via social and traditional media, Choudary has openly defended known terrorists and called for the spread of Islamic law. That is, a terrorist group can safely probe any profiling system and figure out how to beat the profile. <CN> All known terrorists had no Islamic practice until then, their profile is known to everyone!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends, Mr. Bush said, to applause. France's Muslims number at least 5 million, the largest such population in western Europe. For many Muslims in the Middle East, and many Muslims in France, they aren't. Despite their high Muslim population, many of these prisons lack an adequate number of Muslim chaplains. The killings occurred as hundreds of thousands of desperate Muslim refugees from Syria are streaming into Europe. <CN> How many Muslims are there in France and Europe? Do you really think that the life project of these Millions of Muslims is to blow themselves up in the middle of a crowd?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The brutal terrorist attack on the French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo in Paris on Wednesday has badly shaken France. She said there had been several attacks on Muslims in recent days. French authorities are warning the nation against linking French Muslims with terrorists. It was the first terrorist attack in Kuwait in more than two decades. Discrimination against French Muslim women on the beach predictably spreads to a restaurant. <CN> Why in this case do Muslims unanimously condemn all attacks on French and European soil?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> And millions of Muslims in Pakistan and worldwide exist who reject terrorism, extremism, intolerance and oppression deserve a platform too. On Tuesday, Ms. Yousafzai warned that anti-Muslim speech would only incite more terrorism. "French authorities on Friday killed the three people directly behind the wave of terror. So you can see that millions of Muslims think their religion should dictate what happens in society. The UK-based Ramadhan Foundation condemned such depictions of Mohammed as offensive to "millions of Muslims around the world. <CN> Whoever says terrorism says "who sows terror". Have the millions of Muslims in France set our country on fire and blood?
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Eventually, Carlos began frequenting this mosque, converted, and took the name of the mosque's imam. Ahsan Zahid, son of the mosque's imam, said that he was told the fire was started deliberately. Let's kill them with kindness, he said of the mosque's critics. The terrorists' choice of targets in the November 13 Paris attacks was a game-changer. He said morning prayers at the mosque were usually attended by 100 to 200 people on Fridays. <CN> You should try visiting a mosque and chat with an imam. You would be very surprised at the level of tolerance shown by the Muslim.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> One former minister said it would be naive to suggest the government could openly communicate its counter-radicalisation messages. He also uses his influential broadcasts as a platform to counter views of hatred through inspiring messages of hope. Hatred against Muslims - and demands for collective punishment - will grow. The Muslim American community is doing itself a disservice by focusing on trivialities like whether perpetrators of terror should be called terrorists or madmen or some other term. It is unbelievable that we still have the energy to dig up these ancient arguments, use them to arouse emotions, riot like madmen, and foster hatred in both communities. <CN> These messages only wake up all the madmen who have nothing left to lose in all the communities, hatred and fear!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> They were the seething terrorists, without any sort of humanizing attributes. If they were all terrorists, everyone would be dead by now. His first film role was Terrorist No. 4 in Executive Decision. Bear in mind that the term "terrorist" is legally significant, too. The script called for his character, Raza, to be a Muslim terrorist. <CN> The media! The media! The media! They no longer do their job honestly!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> It becomes increasingly difficult to determine the race of a Muslim. But general population surveys suggest a much lower number of Muslims. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Only the muslim terrorist is capable of mass murder of civilian lives. And we have to afford that same assumption of innocence to Muslims. <CN> If that were the case, the planet would already have been decimated given the number of Muslims.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> A Hitler Youth pope calling victims of his pervert priests Nazis and comparing the terrible suffering of Jews to a huge self-inflicted PR problem! Representatives of victims of sexual abuse by priests also condemned the analogy. Priests rape children and the victimizers believe themselves to be the victim. It's not perfect, but [Germans] respect me for it," she said. "What else can you compare this to except to prewar Nazi Germany?" <CN> So all the priests are pedophiles and all the Germans are Nazis.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Muslims are killing Jews, Christians and other infidels all over the world. This year, what do all the world's Muslims and Jews call December 25th? Muslims and Jews are very strongly monotheistic while Christians believe in a three pronged God. <CN> If this would be the case then no Christian, Jew or pagan could have lived in Muslim land during or after the Prophet's time.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. <CN> I'm not answering that question, because whoever asks it seeks to provoke.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The Constitution has plenty of ways of dealing with Islamic terrorists. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. In other words, the strategy of these terrorists is to provoke Islamophobia. For all we know, this bomber is an anti-gay terrorist, too. <CN> Judging these is easy. Take the time to get to know each other, be smart.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. Our findings are consistent with a theory in psychology that terrorists are looking for a way to find meaning in their lives. How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? That way, Allah will never have anything to do with them. <CN> A shortcut is never the best way to express yourself.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> There ARE no innocent sides here, except in the non-Muslim population. Not to say that non-Muslim whites never get tagged as terrorists. The focus should be on high-risk communities, both Muslim and non-Muslim. Europe's bigger problem is the divide between its Muslim and non-Muslim communities. There are large neighborhoods in the Paris suburbs called No-Go Zones, where non-Muslims dare not enter. <CN> A non-Muslim who commits a massacre is just a fool or a criminal.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> In the past, I have been called a "terrorist" because of my religion. "The terrorists' religion is not Islam, which they are betraying," Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said last week. He said a small minority in the region see the Christianization of the country as a threat to Muslims. Small numbers of terrorists make headlines, but they aren't representative of a complex and diverse religion of 1.6 billion adherents. How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? <CN> Religious terrorism exists in all religions and this remains an infinitely small minority.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Fifty percent of Americans either view Muslims as terrorists or with suspicion. They are [portraying] Muslims as terrorists and waging a propaganda against our nukes. Western, non-Muslim media portray Muslims as terrorists with very little nuance, says Brown. That said, while very few Salafists are terrorists, jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists. During Afghanistan's civil war, there has been no tradition of stopping for Ramadan. <CN> With all Muslims as terrorists all the earth would be civil war. So WRONG!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> That said, while very few Salafists are terrorists, jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists. Consider the choice of targets of the terrorists: A magazine that in the terrorists' minds had insulted the Prophet Mohammed. How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? But the refrain of the Hindu nationalists -- "all Muslims are not terrorists but all terrorists are Muslims" -- is no less wrong and dangerous. <CN> Yes we are more than 1 billion of terrorists! And it is we who create any conflicts!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. That said, while very few Salafists are terrorists, jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists. I mean they're all terrorists right and a Muslim why is it offensive to other Muslims. Cremation would neither shame the bodies of dead terrorists, nor haunt the minds of would-be terrorists, as powerfully as would a symbolic inversion of standard Muslim rites. Orlando, more Americans had been killed since Sept. 11 by white-nationalist terrorists in the U.S. than by Muslims. <CN> 1.8 billion Muslims in the world. So 1.8 billion terrorists.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Leiter said the burkini ban would further alienate Muslims in France. The tragedy in France has had an astounding effect throughout the world. In 2010, France banned the full-face veil, usually called a niqab. "And I am also afraid of the consequences on Muslims in France. The bans follow a series of deadly attacks by extremist Muslims in France. <CN> There are 8.5 million Muslims in France. If they were terrorized, France has long been a bloodbath.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The best solution may be a quiet burial at sea, just like disposing of garbage. Now the terrorists who did 9/11 said they were doing it in the name of Islam. He and his staff identified videos branded by terrorist organisations like al-Qaeda in Iraq, Ansar al-Islam (a.k.a Ansar al-Sunnah) and al-Qaeda in the Land of the Islamic Maghreb. Mainstream Muslims protest that terrorists like Mohammed Atta or Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who claim to kill in the name of Islam, should not be viewed as true Muslims because Islam is a religion of peace. Unfortunately, and unlike the original terrorist videos, this one was pulled from the service, citing promotion of hate speech and violence. <CN> You're going to have to update your vocabulary or try not to mix it all up with the amalgams. If I'm amused to say that all priests are pedophiles and that Jews like money, I could say I have the same score of IQ as you are 5.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The hypocrisy of calling Islam the religion of peace is not wasted upon us. "The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" There are a billion of Muslims around the world who have their own point of views and express them peacefully. <CN> False because Islam is the religion of peace. The majority of Muslims are in Asia and curiously no one talks about it.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Incidents of extremist activity are often followed by anti-Islam protests or hate crimes. "Terrorist," after all, is the mother of all damning labels in this post-9/11 age. Unfortunately, the scriptures of the Abrahamic religions contain passages that both praise and condemn violence against enemies. So you can see that millions of Muslims think their religion should dictate what happens in society. Just because we have a different religion doesn't mean that we're all difference from others. <CN> Our religion has a lot of followers so we have to destroy it by all means, so we make amalgams.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> One sign read: "Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all the terrorists were Muslim. "These terrorists ISIS are not true Muslims, they do not practice the true teachings of Islam; peace, mercy and compassion and they are the enemy of all mankind. It goes against the official Saudi position by linking the terrorist group to the kingdom - and accuses Muslims of intolerance. Previous: Faith the Only Proof of God | Next: Turn the Other Ear: Cell Phones in Worshipcalling terrorists are not muslims is a fallacy. How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? <CN> For Muslims, life is sacred. Who kills a man, it is as if he killed all mankind.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. If they were all terrorists, everyone would be dead by now. By the end of the murderous rampage 85 lay dead and more than 300 injured. Next thing you know, we'll have the LDS Church over there, posthumously baptizing terrorists and their victims. A shining example of this new dynamic is reflected in a rap video produced by the Muslim Students of France. <CN> Reasoning by contradiction: Muslims are over one billion on earth, more than 4 million in France. If this assertion were true, there would otherwise be more victims!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Another said, "Not all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. The vast majority of Muslims of course have nothing to do with the insanity of such attacks — except that they are disproportionately the victims of terrorism. #ParisAttacks pic.twitter.com/Idypr1wf5L — Becca Stubbs (becca_s4) November 14, 2015Others pointed out the lack of logic in blaming refugees, Muslims broadly, or other victims of terror. Bush said Wednesday that he wants key Muslim leaders to see that Americans are serious about fighting terrorism. <CN> Without competing as a victim, terrorism causes far more Muslim victims.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> I don't say that all muslims are terrorists but all terrorists have been muslims. I think that anyone who supports/sympathizes with the terrorists is in some form a terrorist. They told the the terrorist that he would be killing woman and children but the terrorist was determined to carry on. The most unlikely people have shown up on the terrorist watch list and I'm sure many more potential terrorists aren't on it. Muslims who do not join the fight are called 'hypocrites' and warned that Allah will send them to Hell if they do not join the slaughter. <CN> A terrorist cannot be a Muslim since only Allah alone decides the end of all life and condemns any self-proclaimed "associate" to hell.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> So the newspaper published a groveling front-page apology for being too respectful of Muslims. "They are extremely supportive of him, they are very distraught," Chambers said after the sentencing. But legal experts have slammed the proposal to keep terrorists behind bars after serving their sentences. "Terrorist," after all, is the mother of all damning labels in this post-9/11 age. The most notorious terrorists are being held in the maximum security sections of just a few federal prisons. <CN> And Christians are all racist slavers (but with a deep human quality)? Jews all dishonest bankers beginning all their sentences with "about my life, the truth"? The Chinese all underpaid workers starting all their sentences with "honorable foreigner"? All the Indians are switchboard operators prostrating themselves in front of cows? You live in a world that doesn't exist, wake up.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The people who behead journalists on camera are terrorists, not freedom fighters. The people who killed the staff of Charlie Hedbo are terrorists, not freedom fighters. The people who slaughtered Americans on 9/11 and Brits on 7/7 are terrorists, not freedom fighters. And I found this sentence chilling in its acceptance of immorality:One person's terrorist is another person's freedom fighter. Freedom fighters do not need to terrorize a population into submission. <CN> And you, brave freedom fighters, risk your life to write this message, in complete disregard of the infinite dangers that lie ahead of you for having only dared to utter such words to those who are already, according to your accomplices, the secret masters of the world.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The mission for our military should be clear - defeat the terrorists. That plays into the hands of terrorists," a department official said. Is there something wrong with being a Muslim in this country? An international jobs program is not a strategy to defeat terrorists. Fifty percent of Americans either view Muslims as terrorists or with suspicion. <CN> The last time a leader was so adamant about a minority in his country, he tried to physically exterminate them.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? They were the seething terrorists, without any sort of humanizing attributes. Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. His first film role was Terrorist No. 4 in Executive Decision. <CN> I think that if that were the case, we would not have the chance to say it.
<HS> (responding to a terrorist attack :) still a Buddhist, and they want us to believe that Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance. <knowl> Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" You know for a fact that it's not a religion of peace. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. Among my many limitations is a lack of an in-depth knowledge of Islam. Juma' - Thanks for condemning so forcefully any acts of violence in the name of Islam. <CN> The message of Islam is peace, but those who practice it have misunderstood the message.
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" The Sun newspaper demanded on its front page that Muslim women be unveiled. Of those, about two dozen Muslim women shared their perspectives on the issue. If Muslim women say its a choice to wear it, lets respect them. <CN> Nobody deserves to be discriminated against, regardless of his confession, sex or otherwise. Thank you.
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. "The issue of Muslim women wearing veils was thrust into the spotlight over a week ago when Jack Straw said thatÂ Muslim women who wore full veils, known as niqabs,Â made community relations difficult. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" If Muslim women are brainwashed into veiling, then is the mini-skirt generation equally brainwashed into believing that showing skin is liberation?This idea underpins a current flurry of veil tourism. <CN> It is not the veil that subjects veiled women but tweets like these.
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. Her report, Unveiling the Truth: Why 32 Muslim Women Wear the Full-Face Veil in France, was released Monday. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" This is also lacking in some extreme Muslim discourse that refers disgustingly to non-veiled women as raw meat, and fair game. The Sun newspaper demanded on its front page that Muslim women be unveiled. <CN> Muslim women are citizens like the others and they should not be discirminated against under no circumstances!
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> Amara, a practicing Muslim, called the veil a "sign of oppression of women. It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. To many non-Muslims, the veil often connotes repression against women, foreignness, religion, mystery—even sexuality. Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" <CN> You are not asked to love Muslim women, but to respect them and not to discriminate against them. Thank you.
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. Her report, Unveiling the Truth: Why 32 Muslim Women Wear the Full-Face Veil in France, was released Monday. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" What information we have suggests that some Muslim women may actually wear the veil more now, seeing it as a way of rebelling. The Sun newspaper demanded on its front page that Muslim women be unveiled. <CN> I remind you that your tweet is an incitement to discrimination condemned by law, thanks if you do the necessary or we will be forced to use all legal means against you.
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> Amara, a practicing Muslim, called the veil a "sign of oppression of women. It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. To many non-Muslims, the veil often connotes repression against women, foreignness, religion, mystery—even sexuality. Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" <CN> Quite surprisingly, this claims to know what Muslim women think.
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" British Muslim women have taken their messages to the streets The dispute over Azmi's veil is currently before an employment tribunal which is set to rule within days. The Sun newspaper demanded on its front page that Muslim women be unveiled. If Muslim women say its a choice to wear it, lets respect them. <CN> From a presumed behavior you erect a rule that will block them even more?
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> Will the son expect that of his sister and wife one day? What information we have suggests that some Muslim women may actually wear the veil more now, seeing it as a way of rebelling. Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. If Muslim women are brainwashed into veiling, then is the mini-skirt generation equally brainwashed into believing that showing skin is liberation?This idea underpins a current flurry of veil tourism. Some Muslim leaders have accused Straw, Blair -- who called veils a "mark of separation" -- and others of demonizing Muslims, but others have said they have raised an important issue that has no clear consensus among Muslims. <CN> These women respect the law and are not the only ones to have a particular dress (this is the case of others like the Christian sisters, some Jewish women, sighs, youth groups, .). No reason to point fingers or discriminate.
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> Their backers say that a ban would deny Muslim women freedom of expression and stigmatize them. Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. Enzo Le RenardProponents of the theheadscarf ban argue that it is about about women's freedom, secularism and security. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" Some said that the law protected Muslim women from religious extremism and gave them freedom of choice, rather than taking it away. <CN> The freedom to express one's religion is a fundamental freedom guaranteed by law and must not give rise to discrimination.
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> Women on both sides of the divide wrote with passion about how the decision was a matter of personal choice. The interviewer then noted that some Muslim women wear such clothing by choice. If Muslim women say its a choice to wear it, lets respect them. What information we have suggests that some Muslim women may actually wear the veil more now, seeing it as a way of rebelling. Let me start by saying that I know very few Muslim women who veil their faces. <CN> The choice of how to dress is a personal freedom and should not be a source of discrimination.
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> Amara, a practicing Muslim, called the veil a "sign of oppression of women. It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. To many non-Muslims, the veil often connotes repression against women, foreignness, religion, mystery—even sexuality. Their backers say that a ban would deny Muslim women freedom of expression and stigmatize them. The fact is, some women choose to veil, and some women choose to veil their entire bodies. <CN> These women do not break the law and have personal freedom. They are open to society. And there is no reason to block them or to discriminate against them.
<HS> Muslim women are silent with their veil, it is normal that they are discriminated against. <knowl> Let me start by saying that I know very few Muslim women who veil their faces. Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. Her report, Unveiling the Truth: Why 32 Muslim Women Wear the Full-Face Veil in France, was released Monday. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" The Sun newspaper demanded on its front page that Muslim women be unveiled. <CN> As long as a person respects the law, he has the right to dress or undress in any way she wants.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> "More women of my generation had stay-at-home moms," says Connor, 54. And nearly half of women who stay at home with children have a high school diploma or less. Only about 1 in 357 black women give birth at home, and just 1 in 500 Hispanic women do. According to a 2014 Pew study, a third of stay-at-home moms live in poverty, and 70% of single stay-at-home moms live below the poverty level. Montana, Vermont and Oregon had the most home births — about 1 in 50 births were at home in those states. <CN> #islamophobie. This is the climate of intolerance that pushes veiled women to take refuge at home.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> If they stayed at home, wed have nothing to talk about. My home is now overrun with two machines I never agreed upon. Home appreciation for single male homeowners was more than $10,000 higher. The father of five was apparently returning home after visiting family in Haiti. It seems to be the default mode for the woman to stay home. <CN> Assuming it was true, you would not see it and it would not be an argument.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> The recent attacks on Home Depot and JPMorgan are only the latest in a long-running series of data hacks. The visual data was then confirmed by telescopes on the ground. The modern marital bargain is that both spouses bring home a paycheck. Note that this matches nicely with the evidence from pornographic search data. Most men will simply find new ways to bring home the bacon. <CN> Could you give me your data with the sources? Thank you very much.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Many of the women want the government to take greater responsibility for their well-being and financial stability. "The women now take on the responsibilities of men and women. The freedom of women — and men — to work without fearing for their lives. "We must become a country which is known for its respect of women. By intervening early and stopping violence in the home, we ensure the safety of the women and children who are the first victims. <CN> They have been confined by the government, bravo the freedom of women.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> But these women wouldn't even normally be allowed into other people's homes because of India's caste system, says Pinto. Society has increasingly accepted the idea that women will work outside the home. Before Fairtrade, the women workers here had almost no power at home, explains Pinto. "Iraqi women form the core of society," said Rissala Khalid, another female candidate in Baghdad. Al-Mamuri said she believes Saturday's vote can help women improve their position in society. <CN> Veiled women are at home, not because they are locked up, but because the system does everything to remove them from society.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> If my child comes home with missing or damaged belongings I will inquire to find out what happened.11. If my child comes home with cuts, bruises or other physical injuries I will inquire to find out what happened12. "Bobbi Kristina - daughter ofin her bathtub in her home on. Hank Moonjean, assistant director for the film The Prize, shouts Stop! When you do inquire, don't give them your Social Security number. <CN> Inquire: the 'Babilou' case, to name just one, was about a veiled assistant director.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. Veiled women, seen above on Aug. 30, 2004, demonstrate in Paris, France. Society has increasingly accepted the idea that women will work outside the home. <CN> Some women work. Others not. Veiled women are women. Some work. Others not.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Writerly inspiration — Cathryn HalversonThe West gave women special opportunities as authors. When women disagree, "Oh my gosh, let's have a discussion about women." Many women were unaware of their limited opportunities or secondary roles as political problems. "I've seen more of the efforts for women to be supportive of other women. When women help other women, then the women they help (have) a role model in that regard. <CN> No, veiled women like all other women need opportunities while respecting their religion.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" Âlâ is a monthly publication aimed at women who wear a veil. "Women who wear the traditional veil are also being targeted, Já said. "As things stand, most Muslim women are afraid to wear the veil. Two women wearing Islamic niqab veils stand outside the French Embassy during a demonstration on April 11, 2011 in London, England. <CN> The veil is not intended to prevent women from working, moreover Islam does not forbid them to have a job.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Another woman was stopped Tuesday for wearing a veil in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis. Only in very extreme cases, he said, would a woman be jailed for refusal to remove a veil. Like a half-naked woman, a veiled female to me represents an affront to female dignity, autonomy and potential. Another woman in another Paris suburb was stopped for wearing a veil, but was let go with a warning. Bukhari (6:321) - Muhammad is asked whether it is right for a young woman to leave her house without a veil. <CN> The veil is not a prison, and does not prevent the woman from doing a professional associative activity, etc. Islam encourages work.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> "Moms were staying home to take care of their kids ... Outside of her neighbourhood, Luz feels unsafe: After 7pm you don't go out. It's not going to be a big change to the character of the neighbourhood. The former Village of Rockcliffe Park is the one neighbourhood where coach houses would not be permitted. Her brother was carjacked right in front of the security post at the entrance to her neighbourhood. <CN> Yes, of course, because no one wants to give them a chance to show their competence. The defenders of Islamophobic secularism have locked him up. Fortunately, the rule always has exceptions, you will discover for yourself what veiled women are capable of doing in our neighbourhood!
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> The biggest objection to home birth has been concerns about safety of the mother and infant should something go wrong. Home Office announces a new English language test for migrants.... and spells language wrong pic.twitter.com/No4HZQfffiNice work, Home Office. Dabbs, who was kicked out of her home for allegedly showing signs of mental illness, is a textbook case of a woman who needs help, not self-righteous indignation. In other racial and ethnic groups, home births are less common. But most felt proud of keeping their homes out of foreclosure. <CN> Wrong, we try to block their way to work because we have chosen a letter forbidding the under-mentioned ostentatious signs.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Well-educated fathers also spend more time in child care than less-educated dads. Take child care, a task to which mothers devote far more hours than dads. Instead, the majority of stay-at-home moms are there because of financial hardship - and a third of all stay-at-home mothers live in poverty. But when poor women, without access to first-rate child care, choose to stay home with their babies, we tend to call them lazy welfare mothers. In China, where day-care has become less affordable, views on working mothers are changing. <CN> Some veiled mothers stay at home to take care of their children and give them a good education, good values.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> In other racial and ethnic groups, home births are less common. In an increasing number of cases, home abortions are already happening. The modern marital bargain is that both spouses bring home a paycheck. Most men will simply find new ways to bring home the bacon. Doctor participation in home births declined by 38% from 2004 to 2008. <CN> Not at all how many veiled women work a lot.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> When she gets home, Ted is in her apartment lobby waiting. Later, at home, Nan cuddles with Ted and says he is working too hard. Her return home is underwhelming , so she returns to London early to find Kitty in bed with Walter . At home, the phrase "Go watch TV" to kids has replaced "Go outside and play" in many families. She would come home with a bright, brave new print, and the old one would be relegated to the parlour. <CN> You are the one who locks them up and stigmatizes them so much.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> This is a home where the woman isn't taking care of business because she's busy working. Thousands of Saudi women have driver's licenses issued by other countries; they will be ready when the day comes. "Police have already been warned not to arrest women in or around mosques, and "citizen's de-veilings" are also banned. The government says it is a way of protecting women's rights and stopping them being forced by men to cover their faces. Intially she graffitied men, women and children and then would stand around to gauge the public's response; now she does hit-and-runs. <CN> Veiled women are much more active when in your clichés.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Stay at home moms, Gallup reported, also lag behind in positive emotions. In a sense, Driscoll's downfall was only a matter of time. Unplanned home births are more likely than planned home births to result in preterm birth or low birth weight babies, the researchers said. Most women in America, let's face it, don't have that choice. Police guard the home of Gina DeJesus in Cleveland, Ohio, Tuesday, May 7, 2013. <CN> Well, listen to someone like me who is in Master's research in Educational Sciences. I'm well locked up ?.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> A Muslim woman walks in downtown Rome Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011. a devout woman should be free to cover herself if she wants. There are no easy answers for an observant Muslim woman navigating the workplace. It's challenging those misconceptions that people have about who the Muslim woman is. However, the Muslim woman was left with a quarter-inch hole in her sleeve. <CN> Muslim woman + educated woman + valuable woman + educated woman = free woman.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Alishba ZarmeenThe thing is, many Muslim women are indeed oppressed, just like many non-muslim women around the world. Women's terms in Muslim societies is for most women survival and resignation. The women of SATC are pathetic cliches of Western women to be sure. Whatever status women have in the Muslim world is whatever status men give them. The topic of women in the Muslim world, to be clear, is not nonsense. <CN> Forgive me, the most educated women in the history of this world were Muslim women.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> To Ms. Sands, the length of the run was clear evidence that producers discriminate against women. TMZ has learnedhas not found concrete evidence that proves he comes fromlineage ... but he's definitely looking. It's the final parting gift: some concrete evidence as to where you stand in your workplace. Police told People they do not have any concrete evidence that the cases are connected to the sites. But they also heard that women who are artistic directors and literary managers are the ones to blame. <CN> Then find concrete evidence that Muslim women are locked up.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> But if there are false false choices, there are also real false choices. The other woman will be sent home on the first night. The first, a particular Obama specialty, is the false false choice. It takes more effort to come up with a false answer. I mean, no one was going to shock themselves by choice. <CN> False for the most part they work, if not, it is a choice.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Â Â Veiled women are normally allowed to attend court hearings in Turkey. Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. If veiled women want to make a point, they'd do it themselves. Women consistently have difficulty getting the same terms as men with the same qualifications. <CN> Veiled women only inspire to flourish in the society in which they live. If she does not work, it is because of the difficulty of working, because of the discrimination against her.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Many men are undone by the very idea of being interviewed by a woman. No exceptions were made for women who work outside the home, either by necessity or vocational fulfillment. In my worldview, the mere fact that pageants exist is absurd. The woman was to be a household manager and to nurture children. The man was created for God's glory, the woman for man. <CN> The uneducated who wrote this message gives meaningless shortcuts by annealing the woman to an object. How absurd!
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Aisha also dropped out of college to study Islam full-time with the woman in Edmonton. That and few others are used by Imams to prevent women from even leading the prayers in Islam. Ali, a member of the Dutch parliament from 2003 to 2006, has been quoted as making comments critical of Islam. This is where SAHDs blame feminism for the exploitation of women. The burqa tones down the likelihood of sexual predation on women. <CN> Islam invites women to educate themselves and study, contrary to this comment which reflects hatred and rejection of others.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> In other racial and ethnic groups, home births are less common. In an increasing number of cases, home abortions are already happening. And men were only moderately happier at home than at work. Stay at home moms, Gallup reported, also lag behind in positive emotions. Doctor participation in home births declined by 38% from 2004 to 2008. <CN> I know an American congresswoman who would not agree with you.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Every woman may experience sexual abuse and rape - at home, in the street or at work. There were insults like 'Go home', 'We don't want that here', 'France is a Catholic country'. Germany is home to more than three million Muslims, making Islam the country's third largest religion. It turns out they're paintball pellets, but still harsh punishment in Chechnya for leaving home without a headscarf. <CN> Women who wear the headscarf can if they wish to work or if it is necessary, as long as this work does not interfere with the laws of the country.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Air France told the AFP that the headscarf rule was not new. To get it out of their sight, they would deny women all rights. Amara, a practicing Muslim, called the veil a "sign of oppression of women. Because with the massive [number] of women that wear the headscarf today, there should be at least one place on our keyboards reserved for them." Would-be enforcers of veil-wearing have an absurd preoccupation with women's sexuality. <CN> Women who wear the headscarf are free to come and go, it is rather in France "country of freedom" that forbids them to go to school outings, for example.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> "Women will stay at home and will not integrate — and neither will their children. Mr. Cain said that he expected to make a decision sometime this weekend at home with his wife in Georgia. Earlier, a British Airways worker said she was sent home for refusing to conceal a small Christian cross while on duty. Farida Makar, 24, an Egyptian student at Oxford University in the United Kingdom, traveled back home to take part in the protests. He committed suicide days later, as a federal investigation led to roughly 1,200 videos and 140 images stored on computers in his home. <CN> Soon they will be working and more visible, whether you like it or not.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> When she gets home, Ted is in her apartment lobby waiting. Later, at home, Nan cuddles with Ted and says he is working too hard. Her return home is underwhelming , so she returns to London early to find Kitty in bed with Walter . At home, the phrase "Go watch TV" to kids has replaced "Go outside and play" in many families. She would come home with a bright, brave new print, and the old one would be relegated to the parlour. <CN> If they do not work, it may be because the state forbids them to.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> I think men are more sympathetic to the work of men, she said. and I think of my own work  about female protagonists and the unlikability of those characters. At home, women juggle multiple roles such as housekeeping, parenting, and the emotional work of the family. What's more, Ms. Sands found, over all, the work of men and women is produced at the same rate. Egypt's popular revolution was the work of men and women, bringing together housewives and fruit sellers, businesswomen and students. <CN> So you think the economy of Saudi Arabia is based only on the work of men?
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> If they stayed at home, wed have nothing to talk about. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" Some of them have also blamed recent violence against women on the victims themselves, arguing that they are at fault because of their failure to wear the veil properly. [but] one of their more interesting findings had to do with veiling. He replies, "She should cover herself with the veil of her companion. <CN> This veil discriminates them. They have a high unemployment, but whose fault? To the one who discriminates or to the victim?
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> In fact, nearly 70% of immigrant women attain legal status this way. Advocacy groups now claim this decline is the result of a birth control regimen forced upon Ethiopian immigrant women. Immigrant women make outsize contributions to our families, communities and country. Trade unions get away with saying women don't want these jobs. This is the story of four ambitious professional women and a maid. <CN> Another idea from the 1950s that immigration lives on the back of France, where veiled women are represented in all trades (lawyers, doctors, accountants, etc.)
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Again, the burden is on women to avoid pregnancy, and again, those same women have few tools to do it. The rest of the women used just the left side of the brain. Children from poor homes often shine, but others may skip school, abuse narcotics, break the law, and have trouble settling down in a marriage and a job. On the other hand, the MRI images of women with normal libido showed activity in the entorhinal cortex, an area of the brain where positive emotions are registered. Other fetuses whose mothers were infected late in pregnancy suffered brain calcifications or abnormally slow growth. <CN> It must be understood that these same women have a brain like the others that they went to school and that they have the same weapons as other women, not to confuse them with immigrants.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> But not all women can have or want to have children. It is also more common for single women to raise children on their own. Boomer women tended to get married and have their first children by age 30. These women are now too stressed out to try to have children, Dr. Bongaarts says. In 1976, 40 percent of women in their early forties had had four children or more. <CN> Some veiled women prefer to devote themselves to the education of their children.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Instead, the site will be the home of the New England Sports Village. The property also has a swimming pool, outdoor kitchen and a sports court, pictured here. The home is set on 2 acres of manicured grounds with a tennis court and swimming pool. The facilities will also play host to paying high school, college, and adult sports programs in need of modern, year-round facilities. EstateThis 25,000-square-foot home rests on 3.47 acres with a guest house with two bedrooms and a kitchen, an enclosed swimming pool, a sports court, a gazebo, a koi pond and a tennis court. <CN> It is certain that at this rate, they will be completely rejected, no school outings, no swimming pool, no sports and no job. Whose fault is it?
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> On the left, a small party has pushed for a law stopping veiled women from working in day care centers with government contracts. In our homes, at work, or among our friends, there is a kind of pressure. The law says veiled women risk a $215 fine or special citizenship classes, though not jail. But she plans to defy the law by wearing her veil to the park and on the street. Some experts say that the law has actually propelled more women to wear the veil rather than discouraged it. <CN> Removing the law against the veil would allow them to go back to work.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> In other racial and ethnic groups, home births are less common. In an increasing number of cases, home abortions are already happening. And men were only moderately happier at home than at work. Stay at home moms, Gallup reported, also lag behind in positive emotions. Every girl has the right to an education and a life choice. <CN> If they stay at La maison for sure, It is a life choice.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> When she gets home, Ted is in her apartment lobby waiting. Later, at home, Nan cuddles with Ted and says he is working too hard. Her return home is underwhelming , so she returns to London early to find Kitty in bed with Walter . At home, the phrase "Go watch TV" to kids has replaced "Go outside and play" in many families. She would come home with a bright, brave new print, and the old one would be relegated to the parlour. <CN> If they can afford not to work or is this the problem?
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Three of the four sails had been completed at the end of the work in . The work done in 1981 cost £ 3 , 250 . The mill was worked by Stephen , Richard 's son . The four sails were fitted to the mill with the aid of a mobile crane at the end of the second work - in . The process was repeated for the second pair of sails . <CN> Many are struggling to find work, precisely because of their sails.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> There is evidence that as business leaders and entrepreneurs that women place higher values on stakeholders-interests, like those of employees, than do men. It's a shocking thing how many great graduates from great schools make mistakes. More dads than ever before are staying home full-time with their children—yet just 12% of female business leaders have full-time support at home from their partners. Many of his classmates are having similar problems, said Mr. Ewers, who moved back home after graduation. City College alumni include 10 Nobel Prize winners and many renowned authors, scientists, business leaders and artists. <CN> There are even many great business leaders and graduates, to name a few (if you are interested, of course).
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> At home, women juggle multiple roles such as housekeeping, parenting, and the emotional work of the family. And the women they studied said they were happier at work. And men were only moderately happier at home than at work. So it makes sense that women would be less stressed at work. I confused being pulled toward home with being pushed away from work. <CN> It is a generality. Whether they are home or elsewhere, what does this change for you? Some work, others do not, like unveiled women. There is no connection between the two.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> It was meant to be a reminder of her responsibilities at home. South Carolina, home to the second-highest murder rate, saw 50 such deaths. The international community, especially nations in the region, should help Gazans rebuild their demolished homes and businesses. Alaska is home to the nation's highest male-on-female murder rate, according to a new report. In order for Israelis to live safely and securely in their homes, Hamas must give up its rockets and other weapons. <CN> False they work when they have the opportunity to do so.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> A bunch of young Muslim Pakistani-American women, however, are now completing that picture. She's going with a different goal in mind — to change the perception of Muslim women. Comprehensive data on the effect of discrimination and hate crimes targeting Muslim women are hard to find. Blinded to the diversity of Muslim women's lives, we tend to see our own situation too comfortably. But in contrast to the persecution of Muslim men after 9/11, recent violence seems to disproportionately target women. <CN> It is a blatant lack of knowledge of Muslim women.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" Âlâ is a monthly publication aimed at women who wear a veil. More confoundingly, of these women who were charged, many were repeat offenders. "Women who wear the traditional veil are also being targeted, Já said. "As things stand, most Muslim women are afraid to wear the veil. <CN> Many companies refuse to hire qualified women for the position precisely because they wear the veil. Maybe we should start with this?
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Some other hot star stats:What body part do most women want? Women who found out their husbands and sons had failed to protect their integrity. Smith's physique is the type that 37% of guys want most, and 37% of women wish their husbands or boyfriends had Will's build. But for women, healthier cortisol levels resulted when their husbands spent more time pitching in on housework. Most women want a body like Aniston's and most men want their mates to have her shape. <CN> If most women are locked up because of you not their husbands, you stigmatize them every time when they do something you stop them with your racist comments.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> To me, that was the most striking thing about coming home. People in the North feel backed into a corner and threatened. We should just go home and do it in our own country. Sterling lived and flourished during legal, government sanctioned discriminatory and racists policies. Many of their Twitter feeds were littered with racist memes and buzzwords. <CN> It is not what you want (Media / racist)? A force to drive them out of every corner.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Do not have anything mailed or shipped to your home address. I confused being pulled toward home with being pushed away from work. The man was moved to the senior citizens' home after he was found. The man had been at liberty and living in a senior citizens' home. Choosing to leave paid work entirely may work out wonderfully for some women. <CN> You have to make the difference between choosing and locking them up.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> CLEVELAND - Three women held captive in a run-down home for a decade kept diaries documenting the horrific physical and sexual abuse they suffered on a daily basis, prosecutors said Wednesday. Work hard, but also enjoy what you do on a daily basis. Even the snaps she takes on a daily basis are pretty magical. Photograph: Tony Dejak/APThree women held captive in a run-down Cleveland home for a decade kept diaries documenting the horrific physical and sexual abuse they suffered on a daily basis, prosecutors said on Wednesday. You are certainly working with your kids on a daily basis to solve problems. <CN> They do not lock themselves in the house. They are persecuted on a daily basis, from the simple glance to physical aggression. They cannot even practice the sport of their choice.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Until recently it was impossible for veiled women to attend university. If they stayed at home, wed have nothing to talk about. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" Ms. Ahmed, an American Muslim, began wearing the veil after 9/11. In 2010, Syria banned full face-veils in certain public places, including universities. <CN> They did not choose not to work. They are prevented from working when they graduate, but there is no problem working with her veil when she is in the household.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Anyone with mucus - have yourselves drained, or STAY HOME TIL IT'S GONE. Labour's shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper suggested Farage himself should sit in a corner. In the pantheon of medical innovations, the home pregnancy test is a relatively big one. Will and Kate already have a housekeeper,, who works at their London home, Apartment 1A at Kensington Palace. The clear indication of your mess kit is that visiting that person's home is like camping out. <CN> They are constantly stigmatized, which is why they prefer to remain discreet.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Of those surveyed in France, 75% said that men had a better life there than women. But there are also plenty of women who wear them by choice. 1832 : Great Reform Act - confirmed the exclusion of women from the electorate . "They sometimes challenge the authority of women teachers," a French teacher says. Of the 286 branches of the organisation , 19 were eventually formed in Wales . <CN> In France, we have a misinterpretation of secularism. In England, go and see the veiled women work in all branches and even in the public service.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> I have no judgments about women who work outside the home versus women who work in the home raising a family. Society has increasingly accepted the idea that women will work outside the home. If Muslim women say its a choice to wear it, lets respect them. Shop owners objected, too, saying that no women were trained to do such work. It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. <CN> Veiled women are strong, hardworking and determined women. Some work, others do not; it is a choice and not something that is imposed on them.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Throughout Western Europe, ordinary citizens are opening their hearts and their homes to the droves of displaced refugees from around the world. High-risk homes include those with lead plumbing or service lines, pipes made of lead that connect a home's meter to the main. The world's largest democracy locks up protest leaders without charge, shoots dozens of demonstrators dead, beats and intimidates ordinary citizens and raids homes without warrants. However, ordinary citizens are allowed to wear the headscarf in public. Homes owned by single men for at least 15 years have gained an average of $170,765, compared to about $134,269 gained by female-owned homes. <CN> Let them be considered as ordinary citizens and you will see if they would not leave their homes.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Son of Chicago cop, home from college to surprise his sick mom, killed in 'mistaken identity' shootingLeslie Jones took on Twitter trolls and won. women expressing sexuality is often mistaken for hi come disrespect me!!!! women expressing sexuality is often mistaken for "hi come disrespect me!!!! So we asked her about always being mistaken for Chastain and guess what? Chenoweth emerging in an E.T. costume, seemingly having mistaken Fun Home for phone home. <CN> You are mistaken as I know many veiled women who work.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> "She opened her home to CBC to explain her choice, after the custom came under political scrutiny in Canada. She says adjusting to life in Canada has been an enormous change. He did not compete at the 1976 Summer Games in Montreal because Ethiopia, like other African countries, boycotted the Olympics that year. She said people can't work in West African countries, so they can't make money and as a result, can't eat. Sandra Smiley, a Canadian with Doctors Without Borders in London, England, said those precautions mean an outbreak is unlikely to occur in Canada. <CN> Look in England, Canada or African countries you would be surprised to see that they work when they are not prevented from doing so.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Its healthy for us to have differences and debates and discussions on issues. Across panels, women also spoke of the necessity of equal relationships at home. This was going to be German Chancellor Angela Merkel's carefully crafted home summit. This openness has been lost over time, and discussions about sex have become taboo. The truth of the disadvantage faced by males in the work-life fit discussion. <CN> If they were locked up, we wouldn't have all these discussions because we wouldn't see so many veils.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> IBM plans to ship home breast milk pumped on a work trip. Only 11 percent of the women left the work force to care for children. Many married women limit their work outside the home to take advantage of these provisions. Thirteen percent of Gen X women are working part-time, compared with only 2% of men. It seemed to undermine women's work, said Jana Reiss, a Mormon writer and religion professor. <CN> Unfortunately, the majority of veiled women are discriminated against and cannot find work.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> The Seymour Ave. home in Cleveland belonging to alleged abductor Ariel Castro. She died at home Sunday from stomach cancer, husband Lee Webb said. Castro's home, however, did garner second glances from creeped out residents. I, along with millions of women who call this city home, am that woman. Home-buying among women such as Ms. Cherrnay is actually a relatively new phenomenon. <CN> Have you ever spoken with a woman who wears it? No, that for sure!
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> "Extremist groups have already used France's ban of full-face veils as justification for attacks. If they stayed at home, wed have nothing to talk about. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" In 2010, Iraqi religious authorities issued a fatwa requiring courtroom witnesses to appear unveiled; they said that only the Prophet Muhammad's wives were obliged to wear face-veils. In 2010, Syria banned full face-veils in certain public places, including universities. <CN> It is your speeches that lock up women's freedom with or without a veil.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Freedom means I should be able to do whatever I would like to do, so long as it does not infringe on other people's freedom. Limit intrusion on private livesFreedom means different things to different people. Feminism means giving women equal opportunity and fair pay at work. Eventually, the threats forced Wu out of her home, she said. The meaning of all this for the Palin family is less clear. <CN> Come and meet us and you will see the meaning of the word freedom.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> My mom stayed at home until my sister and I started school. Aliya says that if women are oppressed, it is the fault of people and culture, not Islam. It was filmed at the AnNur Islamic School in Schenectady, N.Y. by a National Park Service intern. I became a feminist in Saudi Arabia when I saw that the Islam I practiced at home was so different from the Islam outside of my home, especially when it came to women. By: Nadia S. Mohammad and Anisah Hashmi, contributors to Altmuslimah.com"Stay At Home Daughters" sounds like a slogan for Wahhabi Islam, but is actually an extension of the American Christian Patriarchy Movement. <CN> Some sectarian cultures advocate women at home: this is not related to Islam.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Police guard the home of Gina DeJesus in Cleveland, Ohio, Tuesday, May 7, 2013. Photo: Tom Dodge, McClatchy-Tribune News ServicePolice guard the home of Gina DeJesus in Cleveland, Ohio, Tuesday,... A girl adds a balloon outside the home of Gina DeJesus Thursday, May 9, 2013, in Cleveland. Two Gaurdian Angels hang a poster at the home of Gina DeJesus Thursday, May 9, 2013, in Cleveland. There are plenty of demographic and cultural reasons why millennials aren't active participants in American religious life. <CN> During the time of Prophet Mohamad, women were active participants in society.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Only about 1 in 357 black women give birth at home, and just 1 in 500 Hispanic women do. Police guard the home of Gina DeJesus in Cleveland, Ohio, Tuesday, May 7, 2013. Home-buying among women such as Ms. Cherrnay is actually a relatively new phenomenon. Photo: Plain Dealer, Scott ShawCleveland Police stand outside a home where they say missing women,... Some people have argued that black women would have loved to be homemakers, and that's the weakness in Friedan's defense of meaningful work for women. <CN> There are many emancipated veiled women who take on responsibilities in associations working for the good.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. Other explosions followed swiftly, of veiled women who had already sneaked into the market. The sight of veiled women striking relaxed poses in glossy magazines is a novelty in Turkey. But critics say these efforts, rather than promoting a sense of secular inclusion, have encouraged rampant discrimination against Muslims in general and veiled women in particular. <CN> Veiled women suffer a lot of discrimination, which could lead some of them to lock themselves away.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> My brothers and I did everything from bus tables to pour coffee, Smith said. Victoria Serednyj, a nursing home activity director, lost her job because her pregnancy interfered with her ability to lift heavy tables. "Now the tables are turned and I get to be a judge!" NPR special correspondent Susan Stamberg asked Fun Home writer Lisa Kron on Tuesday night. having four kids I can't do everything that I used to do," she admits. <CN> Let us not turn the tables. Everything is prohibited for the veiled women.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Women in very good shape gained 3 to 6 more years of a quality sex life than women who are less healthy. Dr. Stacy Tessler Lindau and researcher Natalia Gavrilova of the University of Chicago  call this measure your "sexually active life expectancy," or SALE. But the disparity in sexual activity between older men and older women isn't entirely explained by the 1998 release of the little blue pill. Both say that the most common misconception about Muslim women is that they are oppressed, and that their religion views them as inferior to men. Some women opted to return to the care giver role . <CN> It is a common misconception. A lot of veiled women have an active life.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Pawlowicz said he was sent him home and the dentist did not say a word. Many arrive at nursing homes with poor teeth, he added, after long periods without seeing a dentist. wow, can I get some of this stuff to take home? To find the best dentist for you, begin your search online. This led to regular meetings at the surgery and his home. <CN> Locked up? Strange, I saw one outside earlier? Oh, yeah, I see it was my dentist.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> My son looks after himself until I get home at about 7pm. A woman may choose to have five children and home-school them. "Intense, laser-like concentration, at both work and home, is also key. The Ohio State Fair sent home two pigs with the flu this week. Home Improvement is the most popular television show on the air, Caputo wrote. <CN> I send you my resume and you tell me what you think? Be careful, it is a little long!
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> In other racial and ethnic groups, home births are less common. In an increasing number of cases, home abortions are already happening. The modern marital bargain is that both spouses bring home a paycheck. Most men will simply find new ways to bring home the bacon. Doctor participation in home births declined by 38% from 2004 to 2008. <CN> That's not true. All the women I work with are veiled and working.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> When she gets home, Ted is in her apartment lobby waiting. Later, at home, Nan cuddles with Ted and says he is working too hard. Her return home is underwhelming , so she returns to London early to find Kitty in bed with Walter . At home, the phrase "Go watch TV" to kids has replaced "Go outside and play" in many families. She would come home with a bright, brave new print, and the old one would be relegated to the parlour. <CN> It is exactly because it is not true that you have a problem with that!
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> In the 15 years since I made my home in the kingdom's capital, Riyadh, Saudi women have certainly been entering public life. "Women's roles have changed whereby they don't just necessarily sit at home but work and are much more involved in public life. Three men were subsequently charged with conspiring to damage his home. The second doctor sorts it out, and the family goes home. Stay home, your input in government and politics is not wanted. <CN> It is exactly because they want to participate in public life that you make it a problem.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Authorities estimate at most 2,000 women in France wear the outlawed veils. While ordinary headscarves are common in France, only about 1,900 women are believed to wear face-covering veils. At the same time, several Muslim women wearing niqabs have been attacked over the years in alleged hate crimes. There were no women wearing burqas in the carefully landscaped city park. But there are also plenty of women who wear them by choice. <CN> In Europe, only in France are we looking for women wearing a headscarf at university, at work or in the public space.
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> On the way home, they are heckled in buses and condemned by neighbors. If I leave this job, everything would be O.K. at home, Ms. Sultana said. " she said at the event held at CAA partner Kevin Huvane's Beverly Hills home. The Home of Golf is about to find out if its doors are open to women. Even though children are living at college, their primary residence is assumed to be their family home. <CN> Even if that were true, how is that damaging you?
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Until recently, sexual harassment was a taboo topic in India, whether it happened at home, on the street or in the workplace. The rest either live in a single parent home or both parents work. Real equality means that men have to be more fully engaged at home. Both sexes are dealing with changes taking place in the home and workplace. Among them were men pointing out that they too feel torn between work and home. <CN> If that were true, you wouldn't meet them on the street and in the workplace!
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> "Our PhD students find it difficult to have direct access to scientific research in the world if we only have Arabic or French. More stay at homes, but also more working parents who are (gasp) content. Ms Ayliffe-Chung was staying at the hostel as she undertook farm work nearby. A vast majority of scientific research confirms that as sodium is reduced, so is blood pressure. In 2000, just 1 percent of mothers said they stayed home because they couldn't find work. <CN> So they steal the work of the French by staying at home! And instead of funding scientific research to understand such power, you are alienating it?
<HS> The veiled women do not work. They are locked up at home. <knowl> Aliya also feels a joy in wearing the hijab, she says. Iranian law says women have to wear a hijab in public, while Saudi Arabia requires Muslim women to wear the hijab. The letter, which said adult women wearing yoga pants in public was comparable to men wearing Speedos to the grocery store, went viral. Mahwash Fatima knows she often turns heads when she wears her niqab in public. Fatima wears her niqab in public, like at this cosmetics marketing event in Ottawa. <CN> And that is exactly why they must be prohibited from wearing their veils in public spaces. It is complex thinking, don't look for it.
<HS> Islam hates women. <knowl> On holy war, apostasy and the rights of women in Islam. "Islam is not here to impose minarets or (women in burqas) on this society but to assimilate to it," Hargey says. There may be no pure Islamic theocracy, as the USA is not a pure democracy, but there are CLEARLY societies REPRESENTATIVE of Islam. She listed right after right that women in Islam held nearly 1,250 years before women's lib was ever thought of in the West. The common denominator among the many societies aeound the world that dehumanize women is Islam. <CN> Islam does not hate Islamic women. They are an integral part of the society.
<HS> Islam hates women. <knowl> three women say they came to Islam after much thought and spiritual searching. The common denominator among the many societies aeound the world that dehumanize women is Islam. The women have sort of become the banner of Islam, said Haddad, co-author of Muslim Women in America: The Challenge of Islamic Identity Today. The video praised Islam's treatment of women - while completely ignoring the violence and discrimination many women are still facing in modern-day Islamic nations. Yes, the Quran protects the rights of women and children, condemns rape, forbids inheriting women (let alone children) against their will, and forbids compulsion in religion. <CN> On the contrary, there is no religion in which women are worth as much as Islam!
<HS> Islam hates women. <knowl> you see names like Einsten, Newton... and for women, we see... This is where SAHDs blame feminism for the exploitation of women. On holy war, apostasy and the rights of women in Islam. In Western societies, men divorce women, and children get shoved aside. He gave nine parts to women, and just one to men. <CN> God has ordered us to respect and honor the woman because she is the future!
<HS> Islam hates women. <knowl> This is where SAHDs blame feminism for the exploitation of women. Far from abusing women, the Koran instructs us to honor them. Every woman (and man) should be able to be financially independent. Arab women had freedom and could be leaders of their tribes. As for the women, I think they need to remember that men die and desert their wives, and every woman needs to be prepared to earn a living. <CN> Islam has raised the Woman. In Islam a woman is a treasure, a crystal that is sacred!
<HS> Islam hates women. <knowl> On holy war, apostasy and the rights of women in Islam. three women say they came to Islam after much thought and spiritual searching. The women have sort of become the banner of Islam, said Haddad, co-author of Muslim Women in America: The Challenge of Islamic Identity Today. The video praised Islam's treatment of women - while completely ignoring the violence and discrimination many women are still facing in modern-day Islamic nations. Islam gave women the right to own property, Islam gave women the right to divorce, Islam gave women the right to choose who she marries, a student said. <CN> Islam considers women to be jewels. And like any gemstone, it must be protected from unhealthy eyes.
<HS> Islam hates women. <knowl> In America, women converts outnumber men by about four to one, and in Britain by about two to one. In many ways, intimate social engagement between men and women is pregnant, if one may put it thus, with sexual potential. My family adhered to the ninth chapter of the Koran, which says that men and women "are friends and protectors of one another. If you associate yourself with that brand of Islam -- and I think the doctor's exactly right -- it's a branding issue here. Survivors said about 1,000 people, mostly elderly women, were in front of the house, which is just beside the man's tobacco factory. <CN> Islam values women in many ways: respect for the mother, the right to inheritance, the right to dispose of one's property without the consent of one's husband, equality with men before God.
<HS> Islam hates women. <knowl> In other words, sexually liberated women are just asking to be raped. Encouraging the idea that women are only fit for motherhood and marriage denies women the potential to grow as human beings. Women in Saudi Arabia are not allowed to step outside the house without being accompanied by a close male relative. Last year, King Abdullah announced women would be allowed to vote. Arab women had freedom and could be leaders of their tribes. <CN> The Qur'an liberated women, honored them as a human being. Previously they were part of the furniture, they were sold, bought and some considered them closer to animals or demons. The Qur'an came to rectify this by saying: "We created you from a male and a female, man and woman.
<HS> Islam hates women. <knowl> And so like all women delivered of a firstborn son, Mary was no longer a virgin woman, but like all said women, Mary was a holy woman. Therefore two women can own a regiment of cavalry, and two men can own a regiment of cavalry. The overwhelming majority of Muslims consider the sunnah to be essential supplements to and clarifications of the Qur 'an . Isaac was one of the three patriarchs of the Israelites . Those who mistreat women in so-called "Islamic states" violate the teachings of the Holy Koran and the Prophet of Islam. <CN> The Qur'an honors some women such as Mary (mother of Jesus) and the wife of Pharaoh.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> David Yates narrates a scene from Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, featuring Eddie Redmayne, Dan Fogler and a couple of fantastic beasts. LOS ANGELES — When Beasts of No Nation, Cary Fukanaga's gut-punching child soldier drama, opens Friday in theaters and on Netflix, a great experiment begins. ★★★ FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEMDirected by David Yates. Of the many fantastic beasts that are found in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, the most emblematic is a cobalt blue snake-bird called the Occamy. JK Rowling is to write the film adaptation of Fantastic Beasts. <CN> Your statement, I confess, has puzzled me, especially when you write that they are beasts and not men, is a statement full of violence, how to take a punch in the stomach.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Areas of instability often become stops on the illegal migrant trail. The church was not built to house this many people, day and night. Many of the migrants were covered in untreated burns after a gas explosion. But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. The vast influx of refugees fleeing conflict and oppression had brought with it many people who are trafficking migrants and trying to make money off of them. <CN> Migrants contribute to the Italian GDP to an extent to pay not only the expenses of hospitality but also many pensions.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> ★★★ FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEMDirected by David Yates. Beasts, which was shot in Ghana, is thoroughly populated with non-actors from similar situations; some, like Attah, are from stable families, others literally from the streets. One closed in November; the other just posted its closing notice. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is now in theaters. Bless the Beasts & Children plays like an existential Bad News Bears. <CN> The islamic immigrants who work together with other migrants produce 2.4% of GDP.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is now in theaters. Bless the Beasts & Children plays like an existential Bad News Bears. The compound also contained less fearsome beasts, including thoroughbred horses and canaries. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. When we bumped into Carter outside the tower, where the publishing house set up shop in November, we asked him if the little beasts are disgusting as we've heard. <CN> I noticed that this comment contains so much hatred. Can you please tell me where it comes from?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> That's why he feels best able to connect with the beasts, though eventually he connects with people as well. Both films, though unrelated, manage in their own ways to humanize a person who up to now was simply known for how she died. Written and directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga, Beasts of No Nation is based on Uzodinma Iweala's harrowing, linguistically dazzling novel of a child soldier's life. ★★★ FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEMDirected by David Yates. The House passed the Senate's version of VAWA after the House GOP's version of the bill, which did not include protection for LGBT people, was defeated. <CN> Those people that we welcome, are persons with their own life, a story often marked by violence suffered, not made.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Pastore has made a career of playing the parts of Italian-American mobsters. How do we keep an appropriate number of prisons on line and available to house-and hopefully rehabilitate-a prison population that is in flux? The existing structures were torn down and replaced with large houses. Vincent Pastore (born July 14, 1946) is an Italian-American actor, often cast as a mobster and best known for the role of Salvatore "Big Pussy" Bonpensiero on The Sopranos. MANY ITALIANS had imagined for decades, ever since the bloody old Black Hand days, that they'd been unfairly tarred as a group by the adventurings of their criminal brethren. <CN> The criminals are of all populations and all religions, fortunately, a minority, you should never generalize. You are Italian, so you are a mobster?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Officials blamed Xinjiang separatists for the frenzied violence at a crowded train station. Both military and civilian courts found Gray responsible for the crimes committed between April 1986 and January 1987. "Sharon also conveyed to Bush his support for the "bold and courageous decision of the president to fight terrorism. The White House expressed solidarity and vowed to "fight the scourge of terrorism," offering all three countries "any necessary support". For those who don't avidly follow the complicated machinations of the globe's top terror group, this could be confusing. <CN> Violence and terrorism are serious problems, but only who commits them are responsible, not all of them: Italians are not all responsible for the crimes of the Mafia or Camorra.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> A group of asylum seekers arrive at Christmas Island in December 2013. The immigration minister Tony Burke attended Saturday's announcement and agreed the number of asylum seekers sent to Nauru would be small. BERLIN—The number of asylum seekers arriving in Germany sharply decreased in the first quarter of this year, the government announced on Friday. Asylum-seekers whose applications are rejected are normally transported out of Sweden on commercial flights. It is part of a package of immigration reforms designed to make Denmark less appealing for asylum-seekers. <CN> A small number of asylum seekers is effectively maintained for a short period. This is just to prevent that, lying on the street and in trouble, they'll end up becoming criminals. The bulk of crime made by immigrants is not the work of this category, but of irregulars (which are not maintained by anyone).
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> The New York Times film critic A. O. Scott reviews Beasts of No Nation. But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. Maybe, but those beasts were a source of sustenance to the poor, especially immigrants who had not ceded their rustic roots by stepping on Manhattan soil. Correction: October 15, 2015 An earlier version of this review misidentified the producer of Beasts of No Nation. That's the saddest part of the hyper-segregation of this city, that people in need are deemed unworthy. <CN> We do not support anyone, because most of these people work and provide for its sustenance.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. House Republicans have made clear that they want to deal with border security before turning to the status of 11 million undocumented immigrants. The Republican primary base is more and more made up of older people, who have significantly more negative views about immigration. One study of 103 cities between 1994 and 2004 found that violent crime rates decreased as the concentration of immigrants increased. Beasts of No Nation, which screened at the Telluride and Toronto film festivals, has the sheen of an award-worthy film. <CN> The perception of security often does not reflect reality, it is not true that immigrants commit more murders of Italians.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. The film features Tequila , whose partner ( Bowie Lam ) is killed in a tea house gunfight with a small army of gangsters . Beasts of No Nation, which screened at the Telluride and Toronto film festivals, has the sheen of an award-worthy film. The draft legislation will now return to the House of Commons. Tribute to Alva Belmont : late president of the National Woman 's Party . <CN> Hospitality is not always the best, and for some hotheads, we can't throw the baby out with the bathwater, because no one is blameless. For example, exploiters of people, gangsters and criminals also of our nationality.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> The New York Times film critic A. O. Scott reviews Beasts of No Nation. But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. She says a number of ostensibly radical things about the horrors human beings commit against animals. There was no idea of evolution either in the forms of animals or the customs of human beings. Correction: October 15, 2015 An earlier version of this review misidentified the producer of Beasts of No Nation. <CN> Unfortunately, no nation is free from individual cases of madness, yet we are all human beings.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> I have no means of guessing the amount of murder committed. But why aren't we talking about the glaring reality that acts of mass murder (and, indeed, every single kind of violence) are overwhelmingly perpetrated by men? Only three of these films were written and directed by black men. The soldiers had driven the Christians into the flames of the burning houses. The Turkish garrison consisted of 5,000 men, who were inactive or hostile. <CN> They are men and women, just as we are; they are not all murderers, do not generalize.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> A recent study by "Newsweek" asked 1,000 U.S. citizens to take the same test that is given to foreigners who want to become American citizens. The weight of the crime is placed on the potential perpetrator. That said, Beasts tested the limits of how much to show. Reporting crimes is an important way of trying to stop them. And I think that is not an unfair thing to say. <CN> I understand the concern linked to certain crimes committed by foreign citizens, but generalizing is unfair to all those who want to integrate normally.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> It found patients with more stomach-acid reduction had a higher risk of developing C. diff infection, which can cause severe diarrhea. Rollercoasters are a stomach churning experience at the best of times. Bless the Beasts & Children plays like an existential Bad News Bears. It's okay to drink soda when you have a stomach flu. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. <CN> The claim is so severe, that it turns the stomach, and there is no justification whatsoever.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. When nominations come around, this is where Beasts may be the most compromised. But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. Two Muslim organisations launched legal proceedings against Charlie Hebdo, accusing it of inciting racial hatred. The French government later clamped down on the illegal use of the public space for prayers. <CN> Yeah. And the many who die because of illegal hiring or racial hatred or fatigue?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Two leading international campaign groups claim the Australian government has a deliberate policy of ignoring abuse of asylum seekers. Other asylum seekers have refused to submit their claim in protest. Local politicians and city officials, however, are increasingly concerned about the lack of housing and support for new asylum-seekers. It also owns hundreds of houses in Middlesbrough, however, and it has been contracted by G4S to provide housing for asylum seekers. They [the refugees and asylum seekers] should be brought back to Australia immediately. <CN> It is not true that we maintain them. Only some asylum seekers (a small group).
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. The Commandant (Idris Elba) trains him and his comrades to be warriors, which is to say war criminals. On the other, it's an effective way to keep focus on the people with whom we are now embedded. It's tough to put your finger on what Fukanaga is trying to say, even though he's saying it extraordinarily well. I hope anyone out there who does not come in the package that people say you should, keep fighting for it, she said. <CN> Let's stop saying 'them'. Criminals have a name, the rest are common people.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> So, when shopping for fruits and vegetables, aim for a colorful cart. Whatever your starting point, it is always worth eating more fruit and vegetables. We need a comprehensive approach to increasing fruit and vegetable consumption in America. Eating more fruit was associated with more weight loss than eating more vegetables. Seasonal produce tends to be less expensive than out-of-season fruits and vegetables. <CN> In fact, our organized crime exploits them for the benefit of the GDP and also for his own businesses since it can save on fruits and vegetables due to illegal hiring.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> The White House expressed solidarity and vowed to "fight the scourge of terrorism," offering all three countries "any necessary support". At least Mr. Durbin's hearing made clear that the nation's struggle against terrorism is best served by information, not dark generalizations. The decline predates Obama's White House run and certainly his presidency. Services offered include referrals to medical care, clothing, housing and a food pantry. Oscar said the center has helped him find work as a house cleaner. <CN> I honestly think that it is better to avoid generalizations: immigration does not mean terrorism.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> "Still, officials - including the White House - have stopped short of calling the attack an act of terrorism pending the investigation. But now he says he called it an act of terrorism. The teenager was seized under section 5 of the terrorism act for assisting in the preparation of an act of terrorism. He was seized under section 5 of the Terrorism Act 2006 for assisting in the preparation of an act of terrorism. Yes."Obama administration officials previously stopped short of declaring the incident terrorism. <CN> Terrorism must be condemned without hesitation, but the responsibility is of those who commit an act of terrorism and those who encourage it, not of all.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> The announcement, nevertheless, could relieve some of the countries that have taken in a large share of the refugees who have recently arrived in Europe, such as Germany or Sweden. There is little new in the distrust generated by each incoming wave of immigrants. The New York Times film critic A. O. Scott reviews Beasts of No Nation. But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. A century ago America was in the throes of a tumultuous debate about immigration. <CN> I find your statement neither acceptable nor true, a large share of economic resources devoted to immigrants comes from Europe.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> That said, Beasts tested the limits of how much to show. But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. Elba also picked up the award for best supporting actor in Cary Fukunaga's child soldier drama Beasts of No Nation. Constable, an imprint of Little, Brown UK, says on its website that "the fiction division of Constable specialises primarily in crime." Beasts of No Nation, which screened at the Telluride and Toronto film festivals, has the sheen of an award-worthy film. <CN> Crime is certainly not the prerogative of migrants, we are well capable of organizing themselves.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Women and children sought refuge at a temporary shelter at the town of Houla in western Syria. In addition to providing shelter and protection to the victims, the women receive medical and psychological care. Michoacan state Civil Defense Director Carlos Mandujano said Wednesday that the villagers were given refuge at five shelters. That means my country (is) free from human trafficking," says Sarah Shuhail, the executive director of Ewa'a Shelters. It was the outset of the 1973 war, and we sought refuge in the shelter at my parents' house in Jerusalem. <CN> Watch out that the victims are not only us, but all those who are forced to leave their country and to seek shelter and refuge here, also it seems to me that she is enormously generalizing.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is now in theaters. Bless the Beasts & Children plays like an existential Bad News Bears. The first one sorted fans into one of four houses at Hogwarts. The compound also contained less fearsome beasts, including thoroughbred horses and canaries. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. <CN> How can you say that they kill us? Do you have data to prove it?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> On Thursday, U.S. President Barack Obama met with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi in the White House, and vowed to work closely with Italy to address the instability in Libya, which is enabling the most recent wave of migrants crossing from the embattled country. Wooooow Married escape without Tell And with fake address in NewYork!! The owners think they are more beasts than humans, Petruzzo said. The compound also contained less fearsome beasts, including thoroughbred horses and canaries. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. <CN> It is your address 'Italy'? Did you buy the entire Italian territory?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> ★★★ FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEMDirected by David Yates. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is now in theaters. Bless the Beasts & Children plays like an existential Bad News Bears. The compound also contained less fearsome beasts, including thoroughbred horses and canaries. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. <CN> Oh lately, saying that we welcome them seems an unrealistic claim, even saying that they kill us seems a bit strong and a bit too excessive, don't you think?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Obama this week is devoting considerable attention to the criminal justice system. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. Donald Trump justifies his immigration hardline by defining Mexican immigrants as criminals. In the ensuing gun battle, three men were killed and a woman was wounded as she ran from the house screaming that the armed men were criminals, not police. When nominations come around, this is where Beasts may be the most compromised. <CN> Criminals must be punished but not confused with the majority, who live with us peacefully.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> The White House says there is no need for the expanded bill because state and local laws already cover the crimes it addresses, and there is no need for federal enforcement. White House officials on Wednesday said the president also wanted to focus on helping those released from prison become more effective members of society. On Thursday, the White House will host a discussion with advocates and administration officials about how to help those receiving clemency return to productive lives. As a renting, employed person I find programs that use eveyone's tax money to help a segment of the population (i.e. not everyone) to be unfair. The White House has threatened to veto a bill passed by the House of Representatives on Thursday that expands hate-crime laws to include attacks based on sexual orientation or gender. <CN> It seems unfair to me to generalize for the crimes committed by the individual. Many foreigners who arrive in our country, needing at least initial help, just want to be integrated without wanting to hurt anyone.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. Only a quarter of Clinton supporters said society has reached the point of equal opportunity. Are they creatures of nightmare, doomsday visions or the dregs of our own society in apocalyptic freefall? One, a majority of white women typically votes Republican, albeit by far smaller margins than white men do. An overwhelming majority of Clinton supporters — 74 percent — said society has not reached the point of gender equality. <CN> If only we tried to integrate them really, rather than relegate them to the margins of our society, perhaps the phenomena of violence would be limited.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> The vast majority of migrants were genuinely fleeing war and poverty. None of the migrants knew the status of their asylum applications. Men, women and children sleep in the same areas, he said. During 150 hours of interrogation, both men would tell their stories. Desperate men and women disappear into this strange and dangerous place. <CN> Murder cases do not involve all migrants, who are men like us.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> The job of taking care of them has largely been outsourced to charities, individuals, companies and cooperatives across Italy. Beasts of No Nation, which screened at the Telluride and Toronto film festivals, has the sheen of an award-worthy film. There was no concept of social progress, let alone of gender revolution. Small and large eruptions of drama are part of the local ambience. In India and China, a lower-than-average percentage of respondents consider being competitively or intellectually challenged a key goal, while a relatively small proportion of Japanese students say they want to manage people or be entrepreneurial. <CN> Those that you call killers are a very small proportion of foreigners arriving in Italy. This small part is no different from other criminals who kill in Italy. You cannot call all Muslims murderers, nor give them the adjective of beasts. They are men like us and if they do something that goes against the law are punished as any criminal, they are not punished for being Muslims.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Two orange lifeboats carrying asylum seekers have landed on Indonesian beaches in recent weeks. Asylum seekers in the UK are not allowed to work or claim mainstream benefits. Hungarian authorities will also be able to set up migrant camps right at the border, where asylum-seekers can be confined as their requests are processed. An Australian Border Force vessel went to the assistance of an Indonesian fishing boat in distress and found asylum seekers on board, the agency has said. Citing sexual harassment of women, some public pools in Germany have begun banning male asylum seekers. <CN> We give migrants room and board only if they are asylum seekers and roughly only for the duration of the analysis of the request.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Often referred to as "the friend of the Cambodians," he is considered an expert on the country. Their captors, dressed in camouflage fatigues, slowly step around them as the refugees lay silent, petrified like statues. I started thinking of myself as a Christian in the Pentagon. Lebanon represents hope for the resettlement of the most vulnerable Syrian refugees. Kingsley does his best to capture the lives of the refugees themselves. <CN> I have friends who are refugees and they have rights such as the right to study. They've never killed anyone.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> The abduction of the Americans takes the total number of foreigners now in captivity to 13. One way is to subtract the number of visas, permanent residency permits and naturalizations granted each year from the total number of foreigners counted by the census. The difference between the number of foreigners who can be accounted for through such records and the total number tallied by the census is considered to be the size of the illegal immigrant population. [between the number of less-educated Hispanic adults and the total number of illegal immigrants] has changed, then the trend could be very different," Passel said. Admittedly, the trend isn't likely to turn the U.S. housing market around, since sales to international buyers still make up a small percentage of total sales. <CN> Not all foreigners commit crimes that are so terrible, who does them are only a small percentage of the total number of foreigners.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Europeans pay more than we do, to fund that free health care. But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. Proceeds from the sale will go toward helping people displaced by war receive medical care. The call activated Italian prosecutors, who are required to investigate if there is the possibility of a crime. Protests erupted from patients and doctors who said the policy, set by the American Board of Obstetrics and Gynecology, interfered with medical care and research. <CN> Following your reasoning, we should remove medical care and free education to all Italians, because Italians are those who commit more crimes.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> But terms like hatred, persecution, and reign of terror to describe this issue reveal a lot of historical amnesia. Often, the anti-language may employ dozens of terms that have blossomed from a single concept - a feature known as over-lexicalisation. Understandably, Google suppresses terms likely to encourage illegality or materials unsuitable for all users, together with numerous formulations relating to areas like racial and religious hatred. ★★★ FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEMDirected by David Yates. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. <CN> You are really generalizing. Among many good people, there is certainly some criminal, but as always happens. Using terms such undignified only sharpens the hatred, I do not share your language.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Government officials had said last month that state coffers would run dry by mid-October. He said: Increases in the state pension age still do not reflect the real picture of life expectancy. He explained: Ad-hoc changes to the state pension age do not make the system sustainable or fair. It's Europe's most sweeping pension reform, without a single day of demonstrations, Economy Minister Giulio Tremonti said. This would be one way to stimulate development while at the same time giving the state coffers a tax dividend. <CN> Boeri said that immigrants that work in Italy are those who support us and the pensions of our grandparents. We give them the most precarious jobs and a livelihood almost nonexistent, that comes from Europe, not from state coffers.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> This is where Beasts works: You're rooting for the rebels, though they're no heroes, or even anti-heroes. That story is hard to fathom and even harder to watch. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. When nominations come around, this is where Beasts may be the most compromised. Regular people have no idea what the sequester is right now and, even once it kicks in, aren't likely to pay all that close of attention to it unless they are directly affected by it.2. <CN> Good evening, according to the Istat the comparison cost-benefit regard to immigration is positive, then they not only maintain themselves but also support us, paying 5% of total contributions.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> David Yates narrates a scene from Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, featuring Eddie Redmayne, Dan Fogler and a couple of fantastic beasts. ★★★ FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEMDirected by David Yates. Hushpuppy is searching for her mother, and also trying to save a world threatened by natural disaster, mythic beasts and well-meaning but soulless government authority. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is now in theaters. Of the many fantastic beasts that are found in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, the most emblematic is a cobalt blue snake-bird called the Occamy. <CN> Actually,we treat them like beasts if to welcome means to nourish the worst prejudices against them and not allow them to integrate.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> We are also human beings, we are suffering - think about our children. For thousands of migrants and refugees, their futures may be at risk. Us going there kind of ignites a good debate about what human beings need. They told Vice that they are not treated like human beings since coming to Germany. "So the migrants know they will be held in camp before they get to Malaysia?" <CN> So, no one is 'maintaining' the migrants, is part of the temporary shelter project. Migrants are human beings and do not kill anyone.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> It's as though they made an explicit point to keep the bathwater and lose the baby. It's not throwing the baby out with the bathwater; it's taking the baby and leaving the bath all together. To be fair, many of us would do the same thing if we found out we had to share a house with a baby. At the White House, President John Kennedy hailed Christopher Columbus as a great man. We heat our houses with less fuel than we did in the past," he said. <CN> It's like saying all Italians are mobsters! We must not throw the baby out with the bathwater.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Bus driver tries to take photo of female asylum seeker to use for masturbation. But naturally, this blog could not ignore the latest episode of American Horror Story: Asylum. "He said the trouble in Cologne "doesn't just harm our rule of law but also the great majority of completely innocent refugees who have sought protection. Out of an intended total of 160,000 asylum seekers, the European Union has legally relocated 331. This is in the interests of the citizens of Germany, but also in the interests of the great majority of the refugees who are here, Merkel told party members in Mainz. <CN> The great majority of immigrants support themselves. Only those who apply for asylum are supported waiting for his application to be processed.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> ★★★ FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEMDirected by David Yates. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is now in theaters. Bless the Beasts & Children plays like an existential Bad News Bears. The compound also contained less fearsome beasts, including thoroughbred horses and canaries. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. <CN> Oh lately, saying that we welcome them seems an unrealistic claim.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. Does she think the figure of Justice should lift her blindfold, an emblem of impartiality, and be partial to certain categories of persons? Looking north, Southerners saw a foreign society of immigrants, a grotesque heterogeneous compound ... of the vilest blood of all nations. Beasts of No Nation, which screened at the Telluride and Toronto film festivals, has the sheen of an award-worthy film. Such personalization of the judicial function subverts the rule of law. <CN> Do they kill us? Them who? Who are you referring to? It does not seem to me that the killers have a certain ethnic or national belonging, and I have not heard of a massacre of Italians made by certain categories of persons.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> There is a cultural aspect that is similar in other Latin American countries. One must ask: Should the United States and Canada be taking in so many persecuted victims from other countries? Four years ago, congress passed a law defining domestic violence, gender-based killings and other categories of hate crimes against women as femicide. In many cases, crime is not reported because of fear of retaliation. Militia commanders and senior officials in Misrata could be held criminally responsible for ordering these crimes, failing to prevent them or failing to punish the attackers. <CN> The responsibility is individual, not collective. Otherwise, we are all guilty of femicide, or for crimes committed by Italians in other countries.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> With a Pottermore account, fans can sort themselves into the new houses here. Like Hogwarts, the school has four houses: Horned Serpent, Wampus, Pukwudgie and Thunderbird. Fox Sports publicly and maliciously went after me because of my religious beliefs. The bill passed 68-22 Wednesday following a rancorous debate on the House floor. Under the changes, churches and houses of worship are completely exempt from the contraception mandate. <CN> Whoever kills must be punished regardless of its origins or religious beliefs.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> That said, Beasts tested the limits of how much to show. It takes teams of people to bring a creature to the screen. But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. The fiscal deficit has fallen, but it was still 6.7 percent of GDP last year. Debt, meanwhile, is forecast to reach 101 percent of GDP by the end of next year. <CN> If we give these people the chance to work regularly and contribute to the growth of the GDP of this country, rather than relegate them to ghettos or feeding them to crime, we could solve the problem of integration.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> And they did a big, big exposition of organized crime centering on Italians in America. That said, Beasts tested the limits of how much to show. Some 10 percent of Italian households did not own a single book. There were strong structural limits to the preservation of ethnic communities in America. Now, at the same time, there was, other crimes committed by other ethnicities. <CN> Do you know the number of crimes committed by migrants? And those committed by Italians? Crime has no culture or ethnicity, has a social origin.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> And the net increase is entirely the result of a reduction in the number of Britons leaving the country, rather than an increase in the number of immigrants arriving. Around half of the immigrants who arrive each year are foreign students and their dependants. It was the first time the number of murders increased from year to year in New York since 2010. Beasts of No Nation, which screened at the Telluride and Toronto film festivals, has the sheen of an award-worthy film. even though in chicago the number of shootings is down about 500 from last year and the number of murders this year is on pace to be the lowest in nearly 50 years. <CN> Good evening, the number of murders falls every year, despite the growth (until 2016) in the number of immigrants arriving in Italy. How do you connect the two data?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Let the absence of LGBT people in our retelling of our history be the reply. These teams, especially the Yankees, knew that San Francisco was fertile ground, and not just among sons of Italian immigrants. "Ninety percent of the people here are over 80 years old. Most of the books are about history: presidential biographies, wars, social justice movements. "Which people is he talking about when he says 'black Jews?'" asked Mekonen. <CN> They said the same of Jews, Italian immigrants and history have proved them wrong. What part do you choose? In which way you want to be remembered? As someone who has helped those in trouble or as someone who caused the death of innocent people?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Studies show that Black people, particularly Black men, are the group most feared by White adults. That's why he feels best able to connect with the beasts, though eventually he connects with people as well. David Yates narrates a scene from Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, featuring Eddie Redmayne, Dan Fogler and a couple of fantastic beasts. ★★★ FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEMDirected by David Yates. Of the many fantastic beasts that are found in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, the most emblematic is a cobalt blue snake-bird called the Occamy. <CN> We make people study in our schools and they become racists, they are beasts, not men.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Both the House and Senate bills would repeal the 200-year-old ''entitlement,'' or legal right, that seamen have to free medical care. The president also said Malala and the other two victims of the attack should get free medical care. Practically every state in the nation is already cutting back on higher education. The House conferees would achieve identical savings through a 3 percent decrease in Federal contributions to the states. She appeared frequently in the media and was given one of the country's highest honors for civilians for her bravery. <CN> A civil country must take care of all the people present in the area, as you and I receive education and free medical care, everyone has the right to access them. The crimes committed by migrants are a very low percentage, and murders can be counted on the fingers of one hand.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> The crime was later defined as a genocide by two international courts. These mass graves, however, were soon deemed inadequate to cover up the crime of genocide they represented. By elevating this to crimes of genocide it will focus the international community's attention of accountability. A UN war crimes tribunal in The Hague ruled in 2004 that the Srebrenica massacre was a genocide. The United Nations said on Thursday that the Islamic State has committed genocide against the Yazidi minority in Iraq and Syria. <CN> It does not appear to me that there is a correlation between Islam and crime: it seems to me rather that there is a correlation between poverty and crime, and genocide is not a great solution to this problem .
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Bank of America ( BAC - news - people ) saw a decline in both net charge-offs and delinquency rates. House workers had a delinquency rate of 3.7 percent, while Senate workers had a delinquency rate of 3.3 percent. The House of Representatives had a tax delinquency rate of 4.9 percent, while the Senate's rate was 3.2 percent. The Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention is attempting to make reforms. Normally, for instance, housing prices and unemployment have a big influence on delinquency. <CN> I do not understand how our welfare 'supports' the people. We try to give the possibility of integration to prevent that the exclusion will turn into delinquency, an event that is independent of the original culture.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> As Britain's looming vote on its membership in the European Union spurs massive volatility across global markets, some funds are placing their bets. The European Union provokes fierce passions among politicians here, particularly on the political right. The European Union has already reduced or dropped all of its tariffs on Moldovan wine. Ukraine had been expected to sign trade and political agreements with the European Union last month. The result might also be the biggest boost the European Union has received in a while. <CN> How do we support them in your opinion? Many funds come from the European Union and cannot be used for anything other than for hospitality.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> "We spoke to many migrants and relatives of migrants in southern Bangladesh. We travelled to southern Bangladesh, where many of the migrants set off on their perilous voyages. Ion Balint — his real name — had long been known to have an affinity for wild beasts in his home. Stina Ljungdell, the UN refugee agency representative in Bangladesh, agrees that many migrants do know what they are getting into. Many die before they even reach the camps, he told me. <CN> How many migrants do you host in your home at the moment? Have you ever talked to one of them?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> It's as though they made an explicit point to keep the bathwater and lose the baby. It's not throwing the baby out with the bathwater; it's taking the baby and leaving the bath all together. To be fair, many of us would do the same thing if we found out we had to share a house with a baby. Do you know there will be three penises in this house? There was no concept of social progress, let alone of gender revolution. <CN> Let's throw the baby out with the bathwater. The same once was said about southerners.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> The immigration minister Tony Burke attended Saturday's announcement and agreed the number of asylum seekers sent to Nauru would be small. BERLIN—The number of asylum seekers arriving in Germany sharply decreased in the first quarter of this year, the government announced on Friday. A group of asylum seekers arrive at Christmas Island in December 2013. To absorb the growing number of asylum seekers, city representatives have turned to such unusual alternatives as empty warehouses, military barracks and tents. "As the number of asylum seekers in Germany continues to swell, what were at first quiet grumblings have now become angry public protestations. <CN> It is not true that we maintain them. Only a very small number of asylum seekers are welcomed for a short time (at the expense of the state, but without giving them anything except for a couple of euro daily). The vast majority provides for themselves independently.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> There is no place on any campus or anywhere for such behavior, and students need protection from criminals. Obama recently directed staff at the White House to look into potential executive actions, such as expanding background checks. Even without free will then, we can still use punishment to deter bad behavior, protect society from criminals, and figure out better ways to rehabilitate them. "We strongly condemn this inhumane action by the wild American soldiers. They very well may be monsters, and often their behavior is monstrous. <CN> You cannot generalize the actions of a few (criminals) with the behavior of the majority, which lives with us peacefully.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> David Yates narrates a scene from Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, featuring Eddie Redmayne, Dan Fogler and a couple of fantastic beasts. ★★★ FANTASTIC BEASTS AND WHERE TO FIND THEMDirected by David Yates. Of the many fantastic beasts that are found in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, the most emblematic is a cobalt blue snake-bird called the Occamy. And since then at least a dozen different people said to me, 'have you seen this movie Beasts of the Southern Wild, you have got to see this film. In the lead-up to the release of Fantastic Beasts, Rowling has shared an in-depth history of magical law in the US and the country's fictional wizarding school. <CN> People who commit offenses are punished by law. Muslims are not all criminals, nor are beasts. They are people like all of us and they can make mistakes. They should not be treated differently just because they follow a different religion.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Beasts has resonated with many early viewers as a Katrina allegory. With luxury liners' onboard facilities including swimming pools, theatres, cinemas, restaurants, shops, saunas, tennis courts, photo processing shops and dry cleaning, these new beasts of the sea produce prodigious amounts of waste. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. When nominations come around, this is where Beasts may be the most compromised. But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. <CN> I wish we continued to receive, we would have far fewer deaths in the sea; in any case, the Italian legislation does not provide any maintenance.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Oberhausen police say there have been seven recorded cases of disturbances relating to the new arrivals since July 2015. Such a transformation promises increasing polarization among natives and new arrivals alike. Overall police have registered 109,000 new arrivals so far this year. That means closing Germany's borders to new arrivals for the time being. Many of the new arrivals lack transferable skills and speak no European languages. <CN> Do you know the figures relating to reception costs for the new arrivals? And those that provide migrants each year to the Italian tax authorities?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> If an illegal immigrant commits a crime, this confirms our view that illegal immigrants are criminals, Ms. Gans said. It is a myth that increased illegal immigration leads to more crime. Their repeated characterization of illegal immigrants as criminals — easy to do since they broke immigration laws — makes it easy for people to ignore statistics, she said. In fact, first-generation immigrants have a much lower crime rate than the overall population. Conservatives and immigration hawks argue the president has weakened interior immigration enforcement and border security. <CN> An immigrant who commits a crime does not make criminals all his countrymen immigrants like him. Moreover, the crime rate dropped.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Plants, bins, garden lights and patio furniture all come off second best to the warring beasts, as they tumble down an embankment onto the road. That said, Beasts tested the limits of how much to show. There have been at least seven cases of honour killings in 2003. The Fantastic Beasts screenplay, Ms. Berger said, should deliver strong, sustained sales. <CN> Actually now we do not want them, we discriminate them and throw them on the road and, despite all, murder cases made by them are less than ours.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> "During his flight, Agu encounters Elba's band of rebels in the jungle. LOS ANGELES — When Beasts of No Nation, Cary Fukanaga's gut-punching child soldier drama, opens Friday in theaters and on Netflix, a great experiment begins. Is it an examination of the estimated 300,000 child soldiers in the world? But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. Beasts, which was shot in Ghana, is thoroughly populated with non-actors from similar situations; some, like Attah, are from stable families, others literally from the streets. <CN> It seems to me that you are generalizing, throwing the baby out from the bathwater. The migrants in Italy think to work and support their families, not certainly to carry out attacks. As the majority of Italians.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Bless the Beasts & Children plays like an existential Bad News Bears. A fake news site, for instance, is fooling people with articles about a homeowner shooting a 15-year-old Pokeman chaser to death. In the US, some observers have suggested that fake news could have swayed the presidential election in favour of Donald Trump. Beasts director Benh Zeitlin hoisted the 8-year-old star of the film, Quvenzhané Wallis, to the stage when accepting the award. Pope Francis has lambasted media organisations that focus on scandals and smears and promote fake news as a means of discrediting people in public life. <CN> Fake news or old news covered in putrid and downward rhetoric?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Consensual same-sex relations are not explicitly prohibited, but other laws have been used to imprison gay men in recent years. Pirates once focused primarily on big ships at sea, but in recent years have also attacked private yachts, capturing Europeans or Americans on private trips. But it dwelt in the boat , and each man felt it warm him . "Arabs, Europeans, Muslims, non-Muslims, we are together, in the same boat," she said. EU head Donald Tusk said that the attack in Tunisia affected foreign tourists but also "the security of the whole region and, in the longer term, the security of Europe. <CN> Those who have made attacks in Europe in recent years were almost exclusively born and raised here, they didn't come with the boat. If anything, the problem has been caused by our inability to develop detailed and well-functioning integration projects.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> That said, Beasts tested the limits of how much to show. However, once one allows for behavioural response, their central estimate was a cost of just £100m - a very small amount of money. And we're also going to have a section [of the site] where you can purchase something for a small amount of money." Is it an examination of the estimated 300,000 child soldiers in the world? But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. <CN> Lies out of this world the return! But have you visited the tomato camps, where people die for a small amount of money per day?
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> The Peshawar slaughter was condemned by the White House and the rest of the civilized world. The Klebnikov jurors acquitted two men accused of murdering the Forbes editor. The thoughts and prayers of the people of Arizona, America, and the civilized world are with the Mueller family at this terrible hour. But as a story, Beasts of No Nation is more complicated, if not compromised. Balint was arrested on Feb. 22, with dozens of others on charges of attempted murder, depriving people of their freedom, blackmail and illegally holding arms. <CN> Even in Italy, there are cases of murder, and yet we consider ourselves a civilized and evolved people.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is now in theaters. Bless the Beasts & Children plays like an existential Bad News Bears. Director Justin Lin (Fast & Furious) presented the Grand Jury award to Beasts, noting that the film's "powerful and raw performances" represented "what independent filmmaking is all about. The compound also contained less fearsome beasts, including thoroughbred horses and canaries. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. <CN> But 'they kill us' to whom? But when it happened?What are you telling? Https://www.infodata.ilsole24ore.com/2018/09/04/lemergenza-criminalita-linvasione-dei-immigrazione-quasi-tutti-dati/.
<HS> We welcome them in our house, we support them and they kill us: they are beasts, not men. <knowl> Fuller pointed out that businesses can capture effective coloring in small doses, even in the upholstery. Showy socks hark back to the 1700s, when people wore them embroidered or in outlandish colors, fashion historians say. "As I'm watching these young designers pull these colors and palettes, I'm not seeing any consideration taken as to what the psychological effect of color is. I wear bright colors, yank up my skirt + get attention. But those reading the Potter series can choose a Hogwarts house to read in — where the font and colors will reflect whether you're a Gryffindor, Slytherin, Ravenclaw or Hufflepuff. <CN> You speak as if it was a cause-effect phenomenon, but it is not so! I see everyday people go to work and have all the colors: white, yellow and black. I see refugees in my university, in the workplace, and they never harmed a hair to me.
<HS> We let in people who want to educate to violence and repression. <knowl> But if inter-religious dialogue has a purpose, it must include the bad guys too. He sent the letter to groups including the Orthodox and Reform movements, the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, and the American Jewish Committee, a New York-based advocacy and humanitarian nonprofit that spearheads inter-religious dialogue. It supported AU and French military action and called for immediate inter-religious dialogue and urgent reconstruction projects. There is also a small group of progressives, many of whom believe in a scientific account of human evolution, inclusion of LGBT individuals in the church and inter-religious dialogue. During his trip he will meet with organizations involved in inter-religious dialogue as well as visit the Dome of the Rock and the Western Wall. <CN> You talk as if inter-religious dialogue did not exist! There are minds, philosophers, feminist movements by Islamic groups who oppose terror. Do not throw the baby out with the bathwater.
<HS> We let in people who want to educate to violence and repression. <knowl> said an incredulous Mullah Khaliq Dad, a member of the council of religious leaders who investigated the Koran burnings. Other writings by the same blogger include headlines like "Islam is Cursed by Cursing Israel" and "The Koran: A Sorcerer's Scroll. I was not the judge, said Mr. Jones, who also said he had read only portions of the Koran and not the entire text. Both, he said, provide spiritual sustenance for the mission at hand: Spreading the word that Islam and the Koran are instruments of violence, death and terrorism. Sect members lived a life apart, preaching strict application of Islamic law, literal interpretation of the Koran and hatred of state institutions — like the police — it associated with Westernizing tendencies. <CN> The same Islamic leaders assert that this is not true, rather over time has been given a sexist reading to the Koran that has conveyed certain messages.
<HS> We let in people who want to educate to violence and repression. <knowl> Kuwait's Islamic Constitutional Movement ended years of electoral boycotts and won four out of the five seats it contested. Repression of Islamists in Egypt was an essential stage in the emergence of contemporary jihadism. In Mongolia, gay, lesbian and transsexual people endure violence, discrimination and social repression, which leads many of them to dream of life away from its borders. With each new movement comes the same set of challenges, including questions about the efficacy of nonviolent action in the face of entrenched power and systemic oppression. She draws parallels between her father's repression of the family and the repression of Croatian society behind the Iron Curtain's Communist regime. <CN> It's like saying all Italians corrupt! I suggest you read something about Ahmadiyya Islamic movement, which focuses on the benevolent messages of peace, universal brotherhood and submission to the will of God. In 2016 they gathered in 30 thousand to oakland farm to oppose Islam!
<HS> We let in people who want to educate to violence and repression. <knowl> Reports of violence, repression and murder by Isis and other extremist groups have become increasingly prevalent in Iraq. The violence and suffering that ISIS has inflicted upon the Yazidis is heartwrenching. Elsewhere in the Middle East, mass violence as well as repression arises from such movements. "In addition to homosexuality, ISIS considers several so-called offenses punishable by execution including blasphemy and consorting with the enemy. "That children celebrate such violence is horrifying enough, as evidenced by an ISIS video showing a young boy watching al-Kasasbeh's killing. <CN> Islam is not isis! Muslims themselves, such as homosexuals, suffer persecution and run away from the oppressors!
<HS> These Islamists only think about stealing. <knowl> He lives in the neighborhood and knows who the thieves are. Once offenders entered their late teen years, their interest in continuing to steal dropped off dramatically, with most thieves under the age of 24, the study found. Perhaps the thieves thought Hogan had ordered some high-end Christmas gifts. It was a statement for thieves and a way of venting frustration. When thieves steal from heritage assets they are stealing from all of us. <CN> The thieves haven't a single country. You should know that!
<HS> These Islamists only think about stealing. <knowl> In the 31-minute video, Libi also repeated calls for attacks on other Western countries including the United States. He began giving lectures on sociology and arranging for seminars on other subjects. Gaddafi on the other hand never tolerated the Islamists — or even weak political parties. Stealing from Medicare can require a large organization: crooked doctors, people to handle the billing, patients willing to accept kickbacks, and so on. In a statement on Wednesday, Ennahda denied any responsibility, calling the killing a heinous crime that targeted the security and stability of Tunisia. <CN> It's convenient to unload the guilt on others when our country navigates in the crime.
<HS> These Islamists only think about stealing. <knowl> "I would like to take this opportunity to apologize to Regal Cinemas for basically stealing two movie tickets. It is based on the Eighth Commandment ( " Thou shalt not steal " ) . On my life, I have never and would never steal a joke. "This is not the first time Schumer was accused of stealing jokes. This dynamic amounted to a subsidy paid to businesses stealing from their workers. <CN> Are you sure that you did not see another movie? Like the one that talks about the theft of 49 million .
<HS> These Islamists only think about stealing. <knowl> Then there's Suleyman and Muktar, former truck drivers, accused of stealing. And he did it by essentially stealing money from you, the taxpayer. The former head of the Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty and two others were charged this week with stealing $5 million over two decades. In one particularly hard-fought race the Salafists, stealing a page from the Brothers' book, mounted an election-day campaign claiming falsely that their Brotherhood rival had died. Acquaintances had denounced him to the Islamist police; he was stealing the extremists' weapons at night, he said, and burying them in the sand by the Niger River. <CN> So they look like our politicians and not only like them.
<HS> Muhammad married Aisha when she was only 9 years old. <knowl> That Muhammad had sex with children is mentioned again and again in the hadiths. and she remained with him for nine years (i.e. till his death).Sahih Bukhari 7.18 Narrated 'Ursa: The Prophet asked Abu Bakr for 'Aisha's hand in marriage. He stayed there for two years or so and then he married 'Aisha when she was a girl of six years of age, and he consumed that marriage when she was nine years old. Hisham said: I have been informed that 'Aisha remained with the Prophet for nine years (i.e. till his death)." These hadiths that mention that Aisha was 9-year old when she consumated her marriage to Mohammed, a 56-YEAR OLD MAN, prove that Muhammad was a pedophile. <CN> Arranged marriages with children are no longer accepted by the Muslim community, but in any case these were not consummated even in antiquity until the child did not reach adulthood.
<HS> In Islam they stone people, especially adulterers. <knowl> Stoning, for example, is not mentioned in the Koran as a punishment for adultery. You see in Iran, people -- gays are stoned to death. You yourself, people who commit adultery, should be stoned to death. Islamic State fighters stand on the border between Syria and Iraq. AND THEN THEY WANT TO STONE PEOPLE TO DEATH FOR COMMITTING. <CN> Hi, the Koran contains no instruction on stoning, much less on adultery. Those who commit these acts go against the same religion that they claim to be inspired.
<HS> In Islam they stone people, especially adulterers. <knowl> Muhammad, the Prophet of Islam, was the living embodiment of the Koran. To others, it's a collection of religious principles that shift over time. The goal of education given to girls under Islam is the achievement of control over female sexuality. Those who mistreat women in so-called "Islamic states" violate the teachings of the Holy Koran and the Prophet of Islam. "Islamic is the wrong word -- radical religious extremists," he clarified. <CN> Hello, stoning for adultery is a forced reading of the Koran made by extremists over time, but nowhere in the text there is a reference to this type of punishment. Compare extremists and people who practice their faith peacefully is not correct in my opinion.
<HS> In Islam they stone people, especially adulterers. <knowl> Muhammad, the Prophet of Islam, was the living embodiment of the Koran. The reality, of course, is that most Muslims are neither heroes nor extremists. So Muslim intellectuals have been intimidated, and Islam has often been transmitted by narrow-minded extremists.(This problem is not confined to Islam. "Islamic extremism for the majority of Muslims is an oxymoron," he explained to the agents. the horrific effects of the islamic conquests have only been ameliorated by the eupropean colonization to some extent. <CN> Hello, actually the Koran does not include stoning, even for adultery. It is a tribal custom, which was forcibly connected to Islam by extremists. But it is important not to confuse their action with that of the great majority of Muslims, who preach their religion peacefully.
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> Further, it did not improperly send a message that certain religions were valued over others. "This country was founded on that basis, and it is at the heart of democracy. The first, which conservatives are winning, is defending the legitimacy of religion in the public square. Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. Christians, Jews and Muslims have their holidays off, but what about New York's other religions? <CN> On what basis do you define this religion retrograde? Because it professes values
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> "Have these "religious freedom restoration" laws already been used as legal defenses?Yup. The basic values of religious freedom are provided to every citizen of our country. Last week a Bangladeshi High Court ruled that all judgments and punishments outside of the legal system, including those made by religious authorities, are illegal. Those beliefs, he suggested, should remain a protected part of the country's "deep commitment to religious freedom. Religious freedom, which includes freedom of conscience, does not belong only to religious entities but to every American. <CN> Hi, actually Italy is not a Christian country, but laic, which means that every institution and every citizen is independent from religious authorities and religious freedom is a fundamental principle of our legal system.
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> Pew is also mapping the Christian population, its projected growth country-by-country, and Christians' beliefs and practices. The fact is that this is a Christian ceremony in a country which prides itself upon being a Christian country. It is as follows:The poorest country in the Western World is a Christian country. One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. True, the notion of America as a Judeo-Christian country is under challenge. <CN> Hi, Italy is a laic country, not a Christian country and the majority of our population is still largely Christian, since Muslims do not even reach 5% of all Italian citizens.
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> What exactly brings the OIC - Organization of Islamic Countries - believe in. You can criticize Christianity or any other religion without any fear of ones life. The West is not without blame about the lack of democracy in many Islamic countries. Also, Christianity isn't exactly bloodless in it's treatment of the followers of Islam. Pew is also mapping the Christian population, its projected growth country-by-country, and Christians' beliefs and practices. <CN> What solution do you propose? Do not welcome people who risk their lives to escape from hunger and war? I believe that in our country there is plenty of space to practice Islam without having to convert all of us.
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> Pew is also mapping the Christian population, its projected growth country-by-country, and Christians' beliefs and practices. The fact is that this is a Christian ceremony in a country which prides itself upon being a Christian country. It is as follows:The poorest country in the Western World is a Christian country. "There a sort of equilibrium between religion and politics in India as it is a secular country. Germany is a secular country, but the German legal framework approves of institutionalized religions in a biased way. <CN> Please read the Italian Constitution and you will find that Italy is a secular country, not a Christian country, for this reason all religions are accepted.
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> Conservative Republicans broadly see religion as an important element of government. "No one can deny that Turkey has become a more conservative, religious country. Christians, Jews and Muslims have their holidays off, but what about New York's other religions? There was once a time when most people considered the United States to be a "Christian" country. The analysis found that 56 percent of Republicans were religious conservatives and 33 percent were religious moderates. <CN> How many fake news, where did you see so many landings of these 'retrograde religious'?
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> "There a sort of equilibrium between religion and politics in India as it is a secular country. About 1,000 people participated in most countries, but sample sizes were smaller in the three majority Muslim countries and in eight other countries. There is a distinct difference between wanting to live in a secular country and a godless one. Germany is a secular country, but the German legal framework approves of institutionalized religions in a biased way. The fact is that this is a Christian ceremony in a country which prides itself upon being a Christian country. <CN> Anyone can practice their religion in Italy, because it is a free and secular country. We cannot stop to welcome people who need help, it would be inhumane.
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> For decades, Saudi education was controlled by religious conservatives who promoted a narrow-minded brand of Islam. It could also make it more difficult for Francis to counter conservative voices within the church who have been critical of his insistence that Islam is a peaceful religion. Christians were over-represented - as were people who said they had no religion - and Muslims were under-represented. "The new constitution sets out to make the country of 11 million people a democracy, with a civil state whose laws are not based on Islamic law, unlike many other Arab constitutions. These steps could lead the region out of its downward spiral by providing a riveting example for other Arab countries. <CN> Islam isn't a retrograde religion. For nearly a thousand years, the heart of technological and philosophical development took place in the Arab countries after the collapse of the Roman Empire, while in Europe we lived in the dark ages. Large part of common opinion over Islam are prejudices.
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> There was once a time when most people considered the United States to be a "Christian" country. True, the notion of America as a Judeo-Christian country is under challenge. But to defend a distinct cultural Christian identity is to secularize Christianity itself. They say we are a christian country, so okay to lie, cheat and steal. Demographics bear this out: polls show that even though the U.S. remains an overwhelmingly Christian country, the fastest-growing religious group is people with no religion. <CN> Hello, saying that Italy is a Christian country is conceptually wrong: Italy is laic, the article 7 of the constitution states this.
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> Newt Gingrich trumpets his allegiance to the Christian religion and writes about the role of the Christian faith in American history. This version of Christian politics is inherently corrupting to Christian faith, ethics and witness. "My view of marriage is based on my Christian faith ... Ann Coulter promotes herself as a representative of the Christian religion. Head fakes in the direction of Christian symbols still make many Christians swoon. <CN> Many immigrants as you say that 'land massively in our country' are of Christian faith.
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> Pew is also mapping the Christian population, its projected growth country-by-country, and Christians' beliefs and practices. Unlike many countries where you must abide by a single religion. One of the poorest countries in Asia is a Catholic country. There is bad & good every where & in all races, creids, countries & religions. About 1,000 people participated in most countries, but sample sizes were smaller in the three majority Muslim countries and in eight other countries. <CN> Italy is a secular country. Everyone has the right to profess their religion. Islam isn't a retrograde religion, please do some research. We welcome them in our country because they really need help.
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> The average Christian had nothing to apologize for when Christian fanatics in the former Yugoslavia engaged in genocide against Muslims. Islam is the official religion of Malaysia, and Muslims are governed by Shariah, though Christians, Hindus and Buddhists make up sizable minorities. Outraged Christians, Jews or atheists might vent frustrations on Facebook or Twitter. Maybe Rationalist Christian or Christian Humanist would make a better sell though. "We were able to bring in Muslims, Christians, Jews, Buddhists," he said. <CN> Italy and Italians are and will be whatever they want to be. Christians, Buddhists, Muslims, atheists .
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> I'm a Christian, but I think its pretty clear that the Constitution doesn't designate the U.S. a "christian nation." Nor are constitutional conservatives against change; they believe, however, that fundamental change must come through the voice of the people in a constitutional amendment. The fact is that this is a Christian ceremony in a country which prides itself upon being a Christian country. The Cowleys organized a mass evangelistic, five-day crusade in Gabon, a majority Christian country in Central Africa, in 2012. Nor do I think that he should have clerics lead prayers at the ceremony, in this case two Christian ministers. <CN> Hi, since in reality, Italy is a laic and not a Christian country in accordance with the constitution, could you explain better what you mean by retrograde? Are we sure that the interpretation highly debatable of certain people, matches what really affirms their faith?
<HS> It is absurd to see how in 2018 there is a religion so conservative, and we let them disembark in mass in our country! Italy will always remain a Christian country! <knowl> Ms. Palin refers to as "Christian" is simply the civil religion of the United States. These laws, country by country, are a product of a culture. "Thus, there is no "establishment" (no preference) for the Christian religion or any other religion under the US Constitution and laws. They argued the Nativity promoted Christianity as the official religion of the base. The Oklahoma City bombing was done by Christians in the name of Christianity. <CN> Italy is, according to our constitution, a lay state. Christianity is the majority religion, and will remain so as long as most people continue to practice it. Our law protects the right of everyone to practice their religion.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> So ingrained is violence in the religion that Islam has never really stopped being at war, either with other religions or with itself. Coffey said if he were to hear Walker talking about Islam being a peaceful religion, it would give him pause. They were given two choices: Islam is an inherently violent religion, which leads its followers to violent acts and Islam is an inherently peaceful religion, but there are some who twist its teachings to justify violence. In general, most voters -- 65 percent -- think Islam is a peaceful religion and that a small number of Muslim individuals are responsible for violence. And Hirsi Ali's insistence that "violence is inherent in Islam" is absurd. <CN> I would like to point out that Islam and Isis are different. Islam is a peaceful religion, while Isis is a military and terrorist organization that supports Islamic fundamentalism.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> Coffey said if he were to hear Walker talking about Islam being a peaceful religion, it would give him pause. So ingrained is violence in the religion that Islam has never really stopped being at war, either with other religions or with itself. He used the Paleologos quote to talk a bit about violence in the name of religion. They become outraged at the accusation and react, VIOLENTLY!I want to believe that Islam is a peaceful religion. True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion. <CN> Hi, I would suggest you to do some research about Islam. Islam is a peaceful religion that quite definitely not profess violence.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam. A member of the Muslim Congress protests hatred against Islam last week in Los Angeles. Someone, in the name of a faith that I believe in, threatening another person for doing it. People of many faiths have committed violent acts in the name of religion and issued threats over insults. Earlier in the address, Jindal sets responsibility for the violence perpetrated by Islamic radicals in the name of their religion squarely on the shoulders of the nation of Islam, and Muslim practitioners. <CN> Hi, actually there are several experts of this religion who explained that those who commit acts of violence do so in violation of the same rules of the Koran, that only provide self-defense in case of a serious attack suffered. Those who commit these crimes, in short, do not know and do not profess the true Muslim faith.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> So ingrained is violence in the religion that Islam has never really stopped being at war, either with other religions or with itself. Nor will I tell you that Islam is a religion of violence. <CN> Hi, I do not consider that Islam, as a religion, professes violence. There are, if anything, certainly alleged believers that exploit religious justification to commit terrible acts, but which have nothing to do with true religion.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. So ingrained is violence in the religion that Islam has never really stopped being at war, either with other religions or with itself. <CN> How can you claim that? I invite you to do research about the Islamic religion. You will find that it has many features in common with our religion and that professes peace and dialogue and not violence.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion. "True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion," Ali wrote. ""We need to take every opportunity we get to denounce terror and violence and their linkages to religion, which are false," he said. <CN> Do you really believe in that statement? If yes, can you tell me why?
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> The non-Moslem supporters of this mosque make the fundamental error of considering Islam to be a religion just like other religions. There are also many examples the world over where Muslims are the victims of religiously motivated violence from those of other religious faiths. It stands for nothing..All wars/acts of terrorism are based in some form of religion! Religious violence is real, and so is hatred of both religion in general and of specific religious traditions. True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion. <CN> Hi, I believe that it is fundamental to differentiate between those who commit acts of terrorism in the name of an alleged religious faith and those who profess their religion peacefully, respecting the culture of others.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> So ingrained is violence in the religion that Islam has never really stopped being at war, either with other religions or with itself. <CN> The interpretation that man gives to religion often disrupts the meaning.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> Those people clearly believe that Islam is a religion of violence. Issa of the Koran is not the Jesus of the Bible. Posted by: klakey1 | November 9, 2009 5:55 PMReport Offensive CommentIslam is not a religion of peace and it is not a religion of violence either. Maybe 50 atheists should get together and plan to burn copies of the Koran, Bible, and Talmud in Times Square. Christians who engage in violence, any sort of violence, whether against non-Christians or professed Christians, are *not* practicing Christianity. <CN> Just as in the Bible there are messages of violence, in the same way some parts of the Koran, taken out of context, are easy to misinterpret.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> Religious violence is real, and so is hatred of both religion in general and of specific religious traditions. He will explore long-term violence in history directed at specific groups as well as recent religiously motivated violence. The Prophet Muhammad, likewise, emphasized in numerous traditions that the true believer was the one who safeguarded people's lives, safety, and property. Of 300 peace agreements UNIFEM analyzed, just 18 mentioned sexual-based violence. With so many Americans scared or confused about our religion, it is up to us to educate our fellow citizens — with respect and with patience. <CN> Hi, do you really believe that those who commit violence in the name of an alleged religious faith, can be considered a true believer? Can we equate people who kill fellow citizens with those who live their lives regularly and peacefully?
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> Scholars and advocacy networks model relations between religion and democracy, religion and peacebuilding, and religion and economic growth. It also accepts other religions and prophets as messengers of God, especially those of the other monotheistic religions: Judaism and Christianity. ""Islam, which has great respect for other monotheistic religions, prohibit insult to any prophet or other any religion," the statement said. Distinguishing between expert religion, official religion, and lived religion, it disaggregates religion in order to access a richer field of religio-political realities. The fact is that all three monotheistic religions have in their long histories wielded the sword. <CN> There aren't monotheistic religions that profess violence. Those who practice violence are to be considered extremist regardless of the religion to which he belongs.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> The National Park Service did not respond to questions about whether they've produced videos promoting other religions - like Christianity or Judaism. What I will say is that Islam is a religion that, like Christianity and Judaism, is intended to bring you closer to God. Religious violence is real, and so is hatred of both religion in general and of specific religious traditions. But that fact alone is not enough to declare Islam a religion that is intrinsically more patriarchal than Christianity or Judaism. So ingrained is violence in the religion that Islam has never really stopped being at war, either with other religions or with itself. <CN> This is not true: Islam is an Abrahamic religion like Christianity and Judaism, even though with a different tradition, and does not profess violence.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> So ingrained is violence in the religion that Islam has never really stopped being at war, either with other religions or with itself. If I speak of Islamic violence, then I have to speak of Catholic violence. The Atheist Religion wants symbols of ALL other religions removed from government, replaced by a void. Unfortunately, the scriptures of the Abrahamic religions contain passages that both praise and condemn violence against enemies. <CN> It is very fashionable the 'atheist religion', within this, I assure you that is often manifested considerable violence.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> Those people clearly believe that Islam is a religion of violence. All of humanity, whether Muslim or non-Muslim, is threatened by the forces of Islamist extremism. Posted by: klakey1 | November 9, 2009 5:55 PMReport Offensive CommentIslam is not a religion of peace and it is not a religion of violence either. None of the violence or intolerance commonly seen in modern-day Islam is, so to speak, in the DNA of that religion, any more than of Christianity. Mixing elements of older religions with Christianity doesn't happen only in Africa, said Pew researcher Gregory Smith. <CN> Islam is not a violent religion, but, like Christianity, is considered by those who practice it, the only true path to safeness. Muslims try to do good by offering their message, that is not a message of violence. Unfortunately, some people allow themselves to be fascinated by extremism, as has happened with Christianity long ago.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> Many great non-Muslims have said great things about the prophet of Islam. This does not mean that we love Jesus less than Muslims love their Prophet. What is the reason that non-muslims are making jokes and cartoons of our prophet MOHAMMAD(P.B.U.H). You think pathetic lies like these make Muhammad a kind prophet? Crusader Mike Jesus promoted peace the same way Muhammad (PBUH) did. <CN> Muslims recognize Jesus as a prophet, albeit less important than Muhammad, and recognize his message.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion. "True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion," Ali wrote. ""We need to take every opportunity we get to denounce terror and violence and their linkages to religion, which are false," he said. <CN> Where did you obtain this statement from? Can you mention the source? If you have a source please check if it is reliable and read it carefully.
<HS> Islam is a non-peaceful religion that professes violence. <knowl> Religion, economy, and political controlFred M. Donner, the dean of historians specializing in the early Islamic conquests, cites three large factors for the Islamic Crusades. Obama recently compared modern-day Middle East atrocities to Christian violence during the Crusades. If I speak of Islamic violence, then I have to speak of Catholic violence. By the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, the Islamic Crusades receded, due to western resistance. By the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, the Islamic Crusades receded, due to Western resistance. <CN> I do not think it professes violence. I know very peaceful Islamics and Catholics stopped crusades.
<HS> We breed pigs to feed muslims. <knowl> Should the government be evaluating the validity of religions?NOTE: All views, respectfully presented, are welcome. The First Amendment prohibits government action respecting an establishment of religion. The mixture of religion and politics is on public display throughout the country. From a national security point of view, challenging ideas that underpin radical Islam makes sense. The text of the statute carefully avoids mentioning religion, but is clearly meant to target Muslims. <CN> Respecting their religion and their way of life would definitely be a better idea.
<HS> We breed pigs to feed muslims. <knowl> Iraq a mostly Christian BEFORE the Muslim religion was even invented. Kristins church leaders failed her, they failed their religion, and they failed their democracy. Christians, Jews and Muslims have their holidays off, but what about New York's other religions? "True freedom," Lee asserted, "embraces the Mahomitan and the Gentoo (Hindu) as well as the Christian religion. He also argued that separation of church and state would actually promote Christianity, writing that an open society would be welcoming to those "remaining under the dominion of false Religions." <CN> We are in a civilized and secular country in which everyone is free to profess the religion they want. As a Christian has the right to go to church every Sunday, a Muslim must have the right not to eat pork.
<HS> We breed pigs to feed muslims. <knowl> Or, as he puts it: "The Pigs are old, cynical and individualistic countries. For Muslims, ingesting pork is a sin, and pig's blood is considered unholy. Pigs, he continues, is "an attempt to illustrate the stereotypes brought up by the term". It's said opposition to the mosque unfairly slanders Muslims who haven't committed terrorist acts. The Pigs marks a distinct shift in his work, being politically engaged, hard-hitting and downright comical. <CN> Hi, do you really believe that committing such an atrocity can help solve the problem?
<HS> We breed pigs to feed muslims. <knowl> In the letter, McKey describes using pigs in burials to deter Muslim insurgent activities, but does not ascribe the act to Pershing. Read More: The Real Story Behind Donald Trump's Pig's Blood SlanderFor Muslims, ingesting pork is a sin, and pig's blood is considered unholy. Two of the top three contest places went to Muslim performers. This region hosts the highest wild pig diversity in the world. These pigs can interbreed with the native species, destroying their distinctiveness. <CN> Hello, may I ask how it affects her the choice of a Muslim not to eat pork?
<HS> We breed pigs to feed muslims. <knowl> Patrick Wilken / Getty ImagesThe new H3N2v flu strain began in pigs before spreading to a handful of human beings. "When he talks about a culture of 1.8 billion human beings as being anti-woman... The implication was that the Shanghai pigs died of PCV-2, a type of virus that is harmless to human beings, as well as birds. Instead, they overlap, and share common principles of justice and progress, tolerance and the dignity of all human beings. Instead, they overlap, and share common principles  principles of justice and progress; tolerance and the dignity of all human beings. <CN> Look, I struggle to understand your position. I only read words of hatred and rejection of the other, of the different? Wouldn't it be better to put all human beings in the same boat?
<HS> We breed pigs to feed muslims. <knowl> To Sweden and to [inaudible] in it:You have Lars Vilks — the pig Lars Vilks — to blame, and yourselves for these actions. Nor was he raised as a Christian by his mother, an American named Stanley Ann Dunham who was deeply skeptical of religion. Obama administration officials acknowledged Wednesday that they have emphasized certain elements of the president's Muslim background as he prepares to deliver his speech. "Now, Obama appears to be citing those roots as a tool for encouraging more moderate elements of Islamic society to rise up and ally with the United States. Two of the top three contest places went to Muslim performers. <CN> Why is it necessary to make this unreasonable action, when you can communicate and understand why are there certain elements of religion?
<HS> We breed pigs to feed muslims. <knowl> The three little pigs are siblings, two male and one female. Pigs get the flu, too, and can spread it to people. That is important because pigs can catch both human and bird flus. The Ohio State Fair sent home two pigs with the flu this week. <CN> You cannot force a person to eat something that does not want to eat. Everyone is free to decide what is better for themselves.
<HS> We breed pigs to feed muslims. <knowl> About 1,000 pigs have been stolen from at least three counties in past weeks, say authorities, with soaring prices a likely motive. Ms. Bonnivard talks glowingly of the camaraderie engendered by her group's gatherings, whose motive, she said, is to defend European culture and identity. Investigators have also yet to determine a motive behind that attack. Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, were killed by police Wednesday. The driver was the only person injured in the collision, it said. <CN> Each person is free and for this motive it's not possible to impose obligations by force. Can you explain to me the reason for this statement?
<HS> How boring these Muslims who put their prophet everywhere! <knowl> i encourage all muslims to educate the rest of us about your religion. But propblem is this some of the other religions don't respect our Prophet. muslims say it is offensive to draw pictures of prophets and what do people do? The Muslim fairytale version about the life of your prophet (mhrih) simply isn't true. Muslims can reciprocate by drawing the murder of Muslims because they blaspheme another religion in return. <CN> Men are to blame if the prophets are too intrusive, in addition to that there is no lack of chauvinism elements in every religion.
<HS> How boring these Muslims who put their prophet everywhere! <knowl> Muslims consider any visual representation of the prophet to be blasphemous. And with regard to you, Muslims, this is the day of question. Mohammed, the so-called prophet,--he created an evil cult (probably in his own image. Ashoura is a Shiite Muslim commemoration marking the death of Hussein, the Prophet Muhammad's grandson, at the Battle of Karbala in present-day Iraq. In depicting the prophet Muhammad it is deliberately offending the vast majority of Muslims around the world. <CN> Without exaggeration, it seems to me that there is worse than the prophet . Like the feeling of shame and guilt of those who administer the cult.
<HS> How boring these Muslims who put their prophet everywhere! <knowl> HANNITY: ... Muslims that leave their religion, apostates, should be killed. Muslims consider any visual representation of the prophet to be blasphemous. Like the cartoons, media representations of Muslims tend to be negative. I urge Muslims to gear themselves to think and not react. But I felt angry at the violent responses of SOME Muslims. <CN> What about those who put the crucifix also in the cellar?
<HS> How boring these Muslims who put their prophet everywhere! <knowl> [do] you keep identifying with the ideology that threatens liberty for women and menaces freedom by slaughtering, oppressing and subjugating non-Muslims... Young Muslims "join with the non-Muslims, copy them and look up to them. Mehdi Hasan, a prominent Muslim commentator, wrote recently of the relentless hostility towards Muslims. In calling on Muslims to quit their religion, the ad asked Why put up with an institution that dehumanizes women and non-Muslims ... This could change the views of the majority of non-Muslims but I hope not. <CN> Deal with it, because even among non-muslims there are excesses of any kind, for example checking the affective and sexual freedom of women.
<HS> How boring these Muslims who put their prophet everywhere! <knowl> Thirty-nine percent of the Hispanics who said they had no religion were former Catholics. Related: Should Christianity be so boring?The Muslim God is a bit more like the Jewish God. The biggest loser from all the conversions is the Catholic Church, while evangelical Protestant churches are the beneficiaries. I don't think that the classic triad Catholic-Protestant-Jew makes a difference at all, said Galston. And just how a Muslim, Hindu, Buddhist, or member of any other religion would fare is another question. <CN> Any religion is boring when taken too literally including Catholic and Protestant.
<HS> They should open the mosques at their homes. <knowl> They want their mosques to have the same kind of amenities that many churches offer. Already the talk is of the biggest funeral ceremony in the world. "Like many American mosques, the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro faces a dilemma. I'm heartbroken to see, read, and hear comments against the building of a mosque near the site of the World Trade Centers. But the Rev. Russell Richardson, pastor of Grace Baptist Church in Murfreesboro, disagrees. <CN> I know that opening churches in the world is not so easy; but the opening of mosques is controlled by us and is not so widespread, have you seen the data? (link).
<HS> They should open the mosques at their homes. <knowl> Mohamed still blames the mosque, I know the imam of that Mosque. Since then , the mosque has been greatly enlarged and modified over the years . Internally , the Great Mosque had a layout similar to other mosques in the region . He said the four mosques in Quebec City are targeted about once a year. Hafiz Khan has been leading prayers at the mosque for about 14 years, Shakir said. <CN> Opening a mosque would employ construction firms and workers. If you knew that would give financial support to live to 20 families for 5 years, would it be otherwise?
<HS> They should open the mosques at their homes. <knowl> Any place of worship that wilfully hosts terror platforms disqualifies itself from the sanctity of a place of worship, Ruto said. The judges also questioned how banning firearms in a place of worship violates religious freedoms. The Tablighi Jamaat website devoted to the mosque places the maximum capacity at 12 , 000 worshipers . Obama had initially endorsed a right for Muslims " to build a place of worship ... in lower Manhattan. Many of those are faithful and want to express their faith by praying in an appropriate place. <CN> Why don't give them the possibility to have their own place of worship?
<HS> They should open the mosques at their homes. <knowl> They want their mosques to have the same kind of amenities that many churches offer. Beautiful Mosques, churches and UNESCO classified souks have all been destroyed in the long-running conflict. During the Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and '70s, many temples, mosques, churches and pagodas were destroyed. "If we're not protected soon, there'll be none of us left in the country - which is our country - and no churches," he said. We spent two days in Sofia - the country's biggest city. <CN> Why should they open churches in their native country if they can't even go there? I do not see the point.
<HS> They should open the mosques at their homes. <knowl> Mohammed ben Mohammed, a member of the Union of Islamic Communities in Italy, said that he called on faithful in his sermon Friday "to report anyone who may be intent to damage society. Hundreds of thousands have attempted to find sanctuary in Europe, many braving perilous crossings over the Mediterranean. A volley of mortars landed near the mosque a month later, killing a family in their home. It is occurring in mainstream and leading mosques world-wide, including at one of the most important religious institutions in Islam, the Al Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem. An international Islamic group, Hizb al Tahrir, is at the center of this recruitment in Europe, Western officials say. <CN> For members of Islamic communities in Italy and in Europe this is their home.
<HS> They should open the mosques at their homes. <knowl> None of these databases include religion, so Austria may no longer have counts of its population by religion. Through ... control of religion the authorities are trying to quell ethno-nationalist sentiment. "The fastest growing group of all is those with no religion," Roozen said. "Asked whether Muslims would have to register at mosques, Trump said, "Different places. U.S. surveys of religion have been conscious of the sensitivity of the question. <CN> People who can practice their religion are people who feel respected and therefore they respect and learn to respect people of different religions.
<HS> They should open the mosques at their homes. <knowl> Mosques do the opposite of terrorism: They diffuse peace and dialogue," he added. "ExpressJet declined to comment on the case but has expressed its support of diversity. He has reached out to this community as he has reached out to lots of other communities. "Another mosque was destroyed in Luanda earlier this month, Já said, and 120 copies of the Koran burned. The people of Kukawa were in several mosques, praying ahead of breaking their daylong fast, when the extremists attacked. <CN> There are no cases of such requests from the Islamic community.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> Here, as in religion, opposing sides have arguments that they find plausible but the other side rejects. As for that massive, body-flinging earthquake anticipated by believers, well, it turned out to be less literal. Kurt Andersen poses that question in True Believers, his fact-packed new book about the differences between the eras. As far as using the term "Religion" in relation to Islam (Islamic Believers completely subjugated to Islam are Muslims). In certain circumstances, that will also be true for political issues — as in the case of weak climate change believers. <CN> Blow up his believers? If this statement was true, they would already be extinct.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> Here, as in religion, opposing sides have arguments that they find plausible but the other side rejects. There may be deep truths in religions, but these may well not be the truths that the religions themselves officially proclaim. On the one hand, religions express perennial human impulses and aspirations that cannot plausibly be rejected out of hand as foolish or delusional. The Vatican said Wednesday that it was outraged by the picture. The idea that there is simply nothing worthwhile in religion is as unlikely as the idea that there is nothing worthwhile in poetry, art, philosophy or science. <CN> Can you provide me the source from which did you deduce this statement?
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> Bouhlel's father also revealed that his son did not have any strong ties to his Islamic religion. That is one thing the new self-declared caliph does not appear to be. I realized that this is not about God, especially after I was captured, he said. We know by now that in no cases have the adversary's radical ideology been defeated. I would call you to Islam and if you did not come, I would kill you. <CN> Unfortunately Isis and Islam are often confused. The Islamic religion does NOT have anything to do with the violent ideology of 'Isis.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> The Vatican did not formally admit that Galileo was correct until 1992. The vertebra is kept at the University of Padua, where Galileo taught for many years. Four centuries later, telescopes are among the greatest marvels of civilization, and they reveal daily that the universe is vaster, stranger and more violent than Galileo could have imagined. Topping the container that the relics had long been kept in was a wooden bust of Galileo. That this piteous figure is the 17th-century scientist Galileo Galilei makes his abjection even more unsettling to watch. <CN> Our lives are absorbed in a religious tradition, which considers legitimate burning at the stake all people suspected of being 'diverted', including scientists such as Galileo, which simply tried to understand the functioning of our universe.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> Thomas Aquinas argued that statements about God are analogous to human experience . Here, as in religion, opposing sides have arguments that they find plausible but the other side rejects. He believed that any statement about God is symbolic and participates in the meaning of a concept . To sum up: There is more to religion than accepting as literally true doctrines that are literally false. This is the sixth in a series of interviews about religion that I am conducting for The Stone. <CN> It is a statement that has nothing to do with reality.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> They rightly point out that Muslims need secularism to be able to practice their religion as they see fit. The one group of people that can know they have his undying, unfailing support would be the Muslim community. I would add that Muslims also need secularism to save religion from serving as handmaiden to unholy wars of domination. There may be deep truths in religions, but these may well not be the truths that the religions themselves officially proclaim. I believe that American Muslims have much to accomplish in the way of developing a uniquely American community -- nationally and locally. <CN> The Muslim community is unanimously sided against religious extremism, which is not part of their religion.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> I am just going by the essays that she writes here. Evolutionism is a religion that is intolerant of all other religions. I needed that to improve my reading and writing and comprehension skills. "Evolutionism is a religion, and a highly intorant and dangerous one at that. As for science and religion/belief, they are not compatible in the sense that they dovetail. <CN> Do you really believe in your statement? Did you do some research before writing this comment?
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> In a cover story hitting stands this week, Bieber told V magazine that he actually communes with God. Believers regularly argue that religion is often invoked as a cover to justify violence carried out for reasons of politics, economics and power that have nothing to do with God. There may be deep truths in religions, but these may well not be the truths that the religions themselves officially proclaim. That does not necessarily affect people's faith in God," she said. He lacked the experience and personal ties that Francis has developed with Muslims. <CN> In fact, we share our lives with Islam, a religion that professes love, brotherhood and dedication to God.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> It means that the regrettable parts of the Koran — the regrettable parts of any religious scripture — don't have to matter. Which sacred text says that Jesus is the word of God? And layered over that is a good dose of political correctness. <CN> Hi, actually several experts of the Koran showed that violence is not accepted in itself, except for cases of self-defence. Those who commit crimes in the name of this religion, in short, are doing it violating the same rules of the faith to which they believe to be inspired.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> I suggest that non-believers like Simon Critchley, who express serious interest in and appreciation of religions, are thinking of them as modes of living and of understanding. We reiterate that a state must not unduly suppress free communication of views, religious or other, under the guise of conserving desirable conditions. But my present concern is to emphasize that, even if it falls short of knowledge, religion can be an important source of understanding. Critics of a religion — and of religion in general — usually focus on knowledge claims. Even if it falls short of knowledge, religion can be an important source of understanding. <CN> Hi, I think it is important, however, to differentiate between those who commit atrocious violence in the name of an alleged religious faith and those who profess their faith in a peaceful manner and respect the culture of others. It is not a question of religion, but on how it is interpreted by a few alleged men of faith.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> We were NOT comparing sectarian problems in different in various religions. Not that other religions don't have bad examples from the past. The ability to recognize the better angels of another religion is very useful for recruiting help and alliances with the holy majority of that religion. Since it is the religion itself that is violent, any Muslim could become violent at any time by deciding to get serious about his religion. Or in the claims of Hinduism being the most tolerant, moral religion promoting plurality ? <CN> Hi, I do not believe that Islam is inherently violent, indeed: the Koran does not allow violence towards those who believe the same or different religions, except to protect themselves from an attack suffered. We must not confuse religion itself with those who commit violence claiming to be inspired by this.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> The Anglicans claimed that the Baptist brand of Christianity was heresy. After all, they say, many modern religions, such as Christianity, began that way. The latest raw numbers suggest that around three-quarters of Europeans are nominally Christians. Rather, it is the place of a religiously defined morality in a pluralistic American society. The constitution insists that there shall be no establishment of religion ie no state-protected church, but that is not at all the same as rejecting Christianity. <CN> Fanaticism is manifested not only in Islam but also in Christianity and in sects and cults that born in our society, not necessarily of a religious type.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> As far as using the term "Religion" in relation to Islam (Islamic Believers completely subjugated to Islam are Muslims). The ignorance of most Non Islamic Believers about Islam is unbelievable. The ability to recognize the better angels of another religion is very useful for recruiting help and alliances with the holy majority of that religion. Like your use of "Religion" to describe Islam, so the Islamic Believers then used this against your Nation, based on US Constitutional Rights protecting "Religion". Many argue, too, that the actions of such groups are driven by politics, not religion. <CN> I invite you to do some research and find out that Islam is a peaceful religion and its believers do not blow themselves up, but they are open to dialogue.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> There's this, too: Maybe the time for such nonsense is past. In the last few years there has emerged another style of atheism that takes such experiences seriously. Here, as in religion, opposing sides have arguments that they find plausible but the other side rejects. There may be deep truths in religions, but these may well not be the truths that the religions themselves officially proclaim. The same mechanisms that make us such successful social creatures make us vulnerable to creating supernatural entities with human social attributes. <CN> We cannot live with so much ignorance, which drives to support such nonsense.
<HS> We cannot live with a religion that blows up his believers! <knowl> Unsophisticated visitors who do not understand the difference between Al Qaeda and Muslims may come away with a prejudiced view of Islam, leading to antagonism and even confrontation toward Muslim believers near the site. These are individuals who carried out an act of terrorism, and they later tried to justify that act of terrorism by invoking the religion of Islam and their own deviant view of it, Earnest said. The question of how to represent Islam in the museum has long been fraught. The panel was pleased to see photographs of Muslims mourning included in photo montages. Michael Frazier, a museum spokesman, said the film would be shown in a gallery that also had two large interpretive panels illustrating how Al Qaeda was portrayed as a far fringe of Islam. <CN> Terrorism cannot be generalized to the entire religion of Islam or to any other religion. A Muslim believer knows that his religion does not profess violence, but peace.
<HS> The moderate Islam does not exist, Islam is Islam. <knowl> Nationalism of the Islamic Resistance Movement is part of its religion. They promote Islam at the expense of Christianity and Judaism, Saxton told Fox News. "The conversion to Islam is not abandoning Christianity or Judaism, which I was born with. Such discriminatory treatment of Christianity is an unconstitutional promotion of one religion over another, Thompson said. Moderate Islam should be defined as a form of Islam that rejects these violent and discriminatory edicts. <CN> This is true, in fact, Islam is not an extreme religion, is an Abrahamic religion as Christianity and Judaism. But there is also religious fanaticism that distorts religion and makes it a tool of manipulation.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> His rigorous and rational defenses of Islam unsettled conventional Muslim thinking. Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. Hopefully (God-willing) my kids will see what Islam teaches and what it means to be Muslim from us and NOT from terrorists. This is normative Islam, adhered to by a billion normal Muslims across the globe. <CN> Being Muslim does not mean being terrorists, do not generalize.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> God attain affairs of universe galaxies and requisites of billions of people insects animals and trillions of thing simultaneously. By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. I also expect Muslims to repudiate their intolerance for people of other faiths in their home countries. Proving one's own existence, independent of God, is far more confounding to the believer than proving the existence of God. Many of these girls are not allowed out, or to do certain things in society, said Quilliam's managing director Haras Rafiq. <CN> Islam also believes in the existence of Jesus and other Christian figures, because it believes in communication between peoples, how do you instead have the courage to say certain things?
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> The story of God through the prism of Islam seems to tell a very different story in the modern period. As well, certain Islamic cultures have never gotten beyond being tribal. Unfortunately, many Mideastern Islamic cultures have slid back into their own Dark Ages. Islam is a belief system that incorporates religious belief and a legal system. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. <CN> Generalizing is very dangerous. Perhaps these are people who have a belief different from yours, but the integration and encounter between different cultures is essential nowadays.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> They have also delivered a calamitous blow to followers of the Muslim faith. Iranian women have among the fewest children of anyone in the Muslim world. "Christianity and Islam could both be growing at the expense of other religions. Meanwhile, the status of the Muslim world has declined continuously in the contemporary period. The course also taught false statements such as Allah is the same God worshipped by Christians and Islam is a 'religion of peace,' Thompson said. <CN> Islam is not fanatism, but it is a peaceful religion and willing to dialogue. There is only a small part of the Muslim population which is unfortunately extremist. So, most of the Muslims are peaceful and do not want to kill anyone.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> He said in his book " I am doing God's work". There is no passive religiosity in the hopes of God's grace. In Islam, God's word is embodied in the physical book itself. Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. <CN> Who are you to support this crazy nonsense? Fantozzi's son?
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. This issue has nothing to do with Islam or the particular nature of Islamic law. <CN> Islam is a religion, not fanaticism. There is who hides behind it to perform horrific acts, but this does not mean that anyone who professes it is a murderer.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> I think that islamic extremists find it empowering to bully people. We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. Extremism and fanaticism are a human phenomenon, and not an Islamic one. The Islamic Republic of Iran is often portrayed as a uniquely ideological creature. <CN> Islam is a religion, fanatics are something else, like all extremists of any religion or ideology. You cannot generalize.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. By returning Islam to its original and non-belligerent tenets, followers will become empowered to reclaim their faith. Actions like the Oklahoma law empower the crazies into believing that there really is a war between religions. <CN> Every religion can become fanaticism if it is radicalized but does not transform the entire original religion into fanaticism.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. Islam within itself, Islam itself means peace, the government video states. We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." The Gallup poll asked Americans about their views of Islam, Christianity, Judaism and Buddhism and found that 53 percent see Islam unfavorably. The Trinity is one of the biggest stumbling blocks between Christianity and Islam. <CN> Thereis a forgiving and an uncompromising Islam, just like Christianity or Judaism.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. The gaffe ignited demonstrations across the Muslim world, during which an Italian nun in Somalia was killed. One of the names of God that Muslims invoke most often is the Ever Living—Al Hayy. <CN> I have known many Muslims, some of them were even Italian. No one of them has ever tried to kill me because I'm Catholic.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Jihad can mean holy war to extremists, but it means struggle to the average Muslim. Graham summons us to a holy war against Muslims whose supposed crime is that they wage holy wars. On holy war, apostasy and the rights of women in Islam. However, Islam DOES have verses (obviously) which tell ALL muslims to kill. The significance is that the recipients were not making war or threatening Muslims. <CN> Only the jihad, which means 'holy war', is dangerous. Even Muslims themselves are against jihad.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. Islamic scholars say banning non-Muslims from using Allah is unique to Malaysia. Groups of religious minorities are persecuted in Muslim countries on a daily basis. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. <CN> On what basis do you do these statements? Where are the facts and the data which led you to say that? Should I think that all Italian muslims would kill me because I am Catholic?
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Many Islamic believers think it is okay to kill apostates or people who "insult" the religion. Every other religion is fair game for satire but not Islam? We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. Extremism and fanaticism are a human phenomenon, and not an Islamic one. <CN> Good evening, Islam is a religion and as in any faith there are fanatical believers, not all Muslims are fanatics.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Issa of the Koran is not the Jesus of the Bible. Allah is not the same entity as the God of the Bible. it Muhammad or was it the god of islam?Sincerely, Thomas Paul Moses Baum. On balance, the so-called sacred texts of Islam including the Koran probably incite more needless violence and hatred than the Bible, but its a close call. Would burning Bibles left and right in the Islamic world keep the Bible from existence? <CN> I do not believe that in the Koran is written anything like that. The Bible instead is famous for its bloody scenes, so I think we should avoid such dangerous generalizations.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Islam can only fight since their god, Allah, is not good. As well, certain Islamic cultures have never gotten beyond being tribal. Does Benedict XVI see Islam as another legitimate way to approach God? Unfortunately, many Mideastern Islamic cultures have slid back into their own Dark Ages. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. <CN> God forgive them, because they don't know what they say. But it is a sign of a profound historical, cultural and human ignorance.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Many of us in the USA respect all religions including Islam... But Islams is the youngest of all other religion and they were the one who did not believe in other religion... The Quran, Islam's literal word of Allah, says Arabia shall be wholly Islamic. Its an act of anti-faith, and is heretical to Christianity, Judaism, & Islam too. <CN> Islam is a religion, and as with all religions, there may be episodes of fundamentalism (Christian history is full of them). This should not lead us to generalize.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> They came out to fight Islam with the name of fighting terrorism. Adherents of Islam are making more money spreading violence and fear than Jihadwatch ever could. This is not possible with Islam because of the fear of attacks and threats that are issued. Both Islam and Christianity have a goal of spreading their faith to every corner of the earth. Radical Islam is not limited to the act of terrorism; it also includes the embrace of teachings within the religion that promote hatred and ultimately breed terrorism. <CN> Terrorism, in general, has the aim of spreading hatred and fear and you with this comment are just helping them.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> The story of God through the prism of Islam seems to tell a very different story in the modern period. Arabs and Muslims say Hollywoodhas damaged Islam's reputation"Arabs and Muslims usually appear as bloodthirsty savages in Hollywood productions. Kingdom of Heaven is fairer - the Arabs and Muslims come out much better," Deana Elimam, an Egyptian-American living in Cairo, said. Finally, moderate Islam must powerfully reject the barbaric practices of jihadists. But Islam, in its true teaching, is neither racist nor atheistic. <CN> How much the statement contains fake elements, is also provable by remembering the splendour of Arab rule in Spain.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> The mention of Christians attacking Muslims or Jews attacking Muslims is Huckabee blasphemy. There's no Dhimmism around these days although the butchery of Christian Crusaders continues..... According to Riley-Smith, a number of historians now accept this belief as key to the Crusades. Historical facts say that Islam, including Muhammad, launched their own Crusades against Christianity long before the European Crusades. The long war against radical Islamic terrorists requires at least the tacit support of many radical Muslims, Lake wrote. <CN> This is an ancient belief connected to the Crusades, who want the Muslim to be the enemy of Christians.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> The history of political Islam is the destruction of Christianity in the Middle East, Egypt, Turkey and North Africa. The shame is, most of you really believe you are Christians. So please stop conflating criticism of Islam with discrimination of Muslims. But we need to rid ourselves of the Christian Fundamentalists, too. <CN> Even Christians have gone through phases in which they tried to annihilate opponents and still a handful of enthusiasts, cannot make you judge all of them.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> But an overwhelming majority of Muslims worldwide reject the Qaeda ideology and condemn terrorist attacks. The videos spent considerable time on the aftermath of the terrorist attacks and how perceptions of Islam changed. A series of videos produced for the National Park Service shows American Muslim students blaming hatred against their faith on the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. "It's a ridiculous form of Islam," said Kamal Nawash, president of the Free Muslim Coalition. Moderate Islam should be defined as a form of Islam that rejects these violent and discriminatory edicts. <CN> Murder is a grave sin according to Islam. Terrorist attacks are the work of a few radicalized and were condemned by the vast majority of Muslims.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. In most countries, Muslims are much more worried about Islamic extremists than Christian extremists. Therefore, any human being that submits himself to God is considered to be following "Islam." <CN> These are statements that are extremists, are you sure that you want to be on their side? What you say has no basis.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Some in every religion see the best while others fuel the fire of violence in the name of religion. I do this in the name of religion because it excuses my violent behavior. He's not the son of God of the Christian or Judeo-Christian faith. He used the Paleologos quote to talk a bit about violence in the name of religion. He has also worried, on several occasions, about violence committed in the name of religion, suggesting Islam. <CN> Even Christianity has gone through a phase of violence committed in the name of religion, but that does not mean that true Christianity and all Christians were violent.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. Finally, moderate Islam must powerfully reject the barbaric practices of jihadists. It makes no mention of similar Christian, Jewish or other religious laws. Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. The founders of Political Islam are known as the innovators of this trend. <CN> I remind you that the history of Christianity is full of fanaticism. This does not make all Christians fanatics.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Muhammad, the Prophet of Islam, clearly instructed his followers that love of one's homeland is part of faith. Now, some of you believe Mr. Obama is a Muslim sympathizer. It is time to undo this conflation of religion and politics. Finally, moderate Islam must powerfully reject the barbaric practices of jihadists. Pro-Americans recognize separation of church and state and freedom of religion. <CN> Only people can be fanatical, certainly some of them are, but it's only a small part of believers in this religion, others are not fanatical at all. It is like if you claimed that all Italians are mobsters. We all know that it is not so.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> It is a different god, and I believe Islam is a very evil and a very wicked religion." We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. It's also an effort by Westerners to distinguish between Islam and the Islamic State. ZUMAPRESS.comThe greatest obstacle to an Islamic reformation is the diffuse nature of the religion itself. <CN> The true Islam does not coincide with the alleged version that those who kill in the name of their religion claim to be inspired by.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. it Muhammad or was it the god of islam?Sincerely, Thomas Paul Moses Baum. This issue has nothing to do with Islam or the particular nature of Islamic law. Contributing to the overall good of society is a core Islamic principle compulsory for all Muslims. Moderate Islam should be defined as a form of Islam that rejects these violent and discriminatory edicts. <CN> The Quran says that the good Muslim can only transmit the principles of Islam, but without using force, if someone follows another religion, he can do it. There is no mention about killing those who do not believe in the same principles.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> the demand that Islamic states grant the same rights and freedoms to Christians and other religious minorities that Muslims receive in the West. It makes no mention of similar Christian, Jewish or other religious laws. Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. Islam has declared war on us, on our Judeo-Christian civilization," Wilders said. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. <CN> Fanaticism is a phenomenon that affects all religions (how many fanatic Christians are there, even in Italy!) and even the atheists: many attacks (even in Italy) born from political and not religious reasons.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Anyone who worships God know that God is alive and will never die. The only source in Islamic law that all Muslims accept indisputably is the Quran. Islam teaches and requires that Muslims live as loyal citizens of the countries where they reside. One of the names of God that Muslims invoke most often is the Ever Living—Al Hayy. Islamic authorities have warned that Malay-language Bibles could be used for proselytizing Muslims, which is illegal in Malaysia. <CN> Where comes the belief that Muslims want to kill all those who do not believe in their god from?
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. In most countries, Muslims are much more worried about Islamic extremists than Christian extremists. At Catholic school, I learned to love God and respect people of all faiths. Yet it looks as if Islamic extremists once again have expressed their displeasure with bullets. <CN> There are extremists but also many people who live peacefully.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Gosh, could it be that fundamentalist Christians dislike ALL other religions? what prophet mohammed preached islam has extremist just like every other religion. Folks, our public schools have become indoctrination centers - promoting Islam and marginalizing every other religion. Others insist that religion is the problem or that one tradition -- Islam -- is inherently dangerous and violent. <CN> Islam is a religion, and the same way as any other religion (including Christianity) risks fanaticism; this does not make all of Muslims fanatic.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> The Quran, Islam's literal word of Allah, says Arabia shall be wholly Islamic. Malaysia as a state with Islam as the "official" religion with the Sovereign as ceremonial head of Islam. Jihad is the advancement of Islam and terror does just the opposite turning the world's people away from Islam. He said in his book " I am doing God's work". D. A dynamic person that belongs to the peaceful Islam religion. <CN> Islam is a religion devoted to love for one's fellow, jihad is a minority not related to religion.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> after all, doesn't the koran tell the muslims to kill the infidels. For example, there are those passages where God hands out the death sentence to infidels. After Hulagu, some Mongol leaders nominally converted to Islam, but Ibn Taymiyya considered them infidels. Many other similar teachings from Mohamed and Islamic scholars are written in the Koran and Hadith. <CN> Nowhere in the Koran is said to use violence against the infidels.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. Islam never gives up what it conquers, be it religion, culture, language or life. "Sonny lumped Islam with other religions for cover, as if he is addressing morons. Philosophically - no because Islam, Muhammad and the Quran do not allow freedom of religion and expression. Too often, Islam becomes a political rallying cry, and not the devotional, contemplative religion that it ought to be. <CN> Every religion has its extremists interpreters, which fortunately do not represent it and they are actually a minority.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Muhammad, the Prophet of Islam, was the living embodiment of the Koran. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. Those who mistreat women in so-called "Islamic states" violate the teachings of the Holy Koran and the Prophet of Islam. The "bigotry" here if anything is that non-Islamics shouldn't be afraid of Islamics. Authentic Islam and the proper reading of the Koran are opposed to every form of violence. <CN> Have you read the Koran? Because for me you haven't. Islam is a religion of peace.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> To me, Islam was a peaceful faith, no matter what a handful of violent extremists said. return to ur holy land and practice the relgion of peace. given mainstream majority Islam's lack of a centralized structure - for reformations. Whether one is rich or poor, God is more worthy of both. Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. <CN> The extremists are a few and should be monitored, with all the others you can find a peaceful dimension of coexistence.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> It is a different god, and I believe Islam is a very evil and a very wicked religion." Those people clearly believe that Islam is a religion of violence. God loves all human beings and lives equally and supports all religions. Jesus Christ who is God himself was crucified by worshippers of false religion. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. <CN> The fundamentalists of all religions, want to kill all those who do not believe in their god.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> As a Muslim, because I can't fathom the desecration of my revered holy book. The context of violent passages is more ambiguous than might be expected of a perfect book from a loving God, however this can work both ways. Moderate Islam should be defined as a form of Islam that rejects these violent and discriminatory edicts. The largest group of American Muslims is actually African American Muslims, the vast majority of whom follow Sunni Islam. But extremists have always distorted the words of holy books, and most religions have had periods where extremists gained prominence. <CN> It is a hoax. Do not be persuaded by this crap, all the holy books, including the Bible, have very violent passages. The vast majority of believers want to live in peace, not be swayed by a few violent.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Muslims also don't depict God, Jesus, Moses, Abraham, or any other Prophet. He's not a god, but plays the role historically that Jesus played historically. or Nature + 0 god or 0 god + 0 Nature. Under the banner of Islam, (SPEAKING ARABIC), there is no God greater than Allah and Muhammad is his prophet. If it's ok to draw Jesus, or Buddha, or Zeus, it should be ok to draw your prophet. <CN> Their god is the same as ours, do you know? Islam recognizes Jesus as a prophet, Muhammad's predecessor.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. The story of God through the prism of Islam seems to tell a very different story in the modern period. Â Peace be upon you, and the mercy and blessings of God. So please stop conflating criticism of Islam with discrimination of Muslims. <CN> So we'll go towards a war of all against all, that's what you preach?
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> It is a different god, and I believe Islam is a very evil and a very wicked religion." Islam is the official religion of Malaysia, and Muslims are governed by Shariah, though Christians, Hindus and Buddhists make up sizable minorities. Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. Islam has declared war on us, on our Judeo-Christian civilization," Wilders said. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. <CN> There are some Islamic fanatics, just as there are some Christian or Hindu fanatics. An entire religion cannot be condemned for this.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Islam is the only religion that advocates "lying" to accomplish the end goal, which is "all things Islam/Muslim/Sharia. We are naiive if we think Islam can co-exist with Christianity. They want to make Islam and Christianity equal, and they are not. He said: "We're not attacking Islam but Islam has attacked us. To Islam haters she will ofcourse be a hero because she says all the things the hatemongers like to listen about Islam. <CN> Islam has proven itself much more tolerant of Christianity, whereas Christians imposed conversion in the conquered territories, the Muslims did this thing much more rarely.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ The murders committed during the Crusades were Muslim self inflicted. This article goes into more detail on the motives for Islamic expansion and a comparison with Christianity. Pope's views about the role of Sharia [Islamic law] and jihad are at variance with Muslim beliefs. Historical facts say that Islam, including Muhammad, launched their own Crusades against Christianity long before the European Crusades. A classroom assignment on Islam says one negative effect of the Crusades is that Christians are still treating Muslims harshly. <CN> It does not result anywhere that Muslims want to convert or kill Italians. Crusades and colonialism with mass murder were atually made by Christians.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Socially - no because his allegiance to Islam forbids him to make friends with Christians or Jews. Just try to fix the problems between Muslims, Christians, and Jews. Arguing that Islam isn't a real religion because you're a Christian or a Jew, on any grounds, is stupid. We are naiive if we think Islam can co-exist with Christianity. You deny the christian and the jews the right to their own religion. <CN> The Koran clearly says that Christians and Jews should be respected.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. This is normative Islam, adhered to by a billion normal Muslims across the globe. The Quran and the Prophet of Islam have clearly defined who is a Muslim. Maalouf sees Arab citizens as forced to choose between Islamic fundamentalists and despotic rulers. It is quite easy to say that Islam suffers from a lack of tolerance and that Muslims are anti-freedom, anti-democracy, pro-despotism and pro-fanaticism. <CN> There are also many tolerant Muslims, they are not all fundamentalists.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> The largest group of American Muslims is actually African American Muslims, the vast majority of whom follow Sunni Islam. A vast majority of Muslims reject the use of Shariah to legitimate terrorism. Moderate Islam is the faith practiced by the parents of my Pakistani British roommate at the University of Edinburgh—and, no doubt, by the great majority of Muslim immigrants to Europe and the United States. The ability to recognize the better angels of another religion is very useful for recruiting help and alliances with the holy majority of that religion. However, this generalization ignores not only the number of branches of Islam and diversity of views among Muslims, but also the sociopolitical foundation of the problem. <CN> Good evening, in Italy there are about 1,400,000 Muslims, but I do not think they are all criminals. Actually, the vast majority are an excellent example of great coexistence among people of different religions.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> The United States is "rightly worried" about the threat of Islamic fanaticism, but Errazuriz wants to remind people that extremism is never acceptable, regardless of religion. Errazuriz wants his "Christian Popsicles," which will be stained red by the wine after their consumption, to signify the relationship between fanaticism and historic religious violence. He also has hopes that the sticks "will prove Christians can take a little humor and irony - always a healthy indicator that might be harder to find amongst religious fanatics of other religions. Now, the Brooklyn-based artist is taking aim at what he sees as religious extremism. Artist Sebastian Errazuriz says he wants "Christian Popsicles" to spark dialogue about fanaticism and violence. <CN> Islamic fanaticism exists, as well as fanaticism exists in all faiths, religious or not. Not all Muslims are fanatics.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Islamic State fighters stand on the border between Syria and Iraq. We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." They simply got closer to their religion, immersing themselves in Islamic scripture. Al-Qaeda and ISIS "draw selectively from the Islamic texts," Obama argues. In any discussion about the overall effect Islam is having on the world. <CN> Muslims are people who believe in Islam, they follow their religion and do not impose anything on anyone. Perhaps you refer to ISIS.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." In regards to Islam, the words "moderate'" and "radical" are relative terms. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. He is the author of "Terrorists in Love: True Life Stories of Islamic Radicals. The word of God is broadcast in Christianity through the bible and in Islam through Muhammad. <CN> Is fanatics that create divisions so radical. Are statements like these that generate violence and make us less safe, think twice before saying things that are untrue and dangerous.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. Therefore, any human being that submits himself to God is considered to be following "Islam." "Religion doesn't make people bigots," says Reza Aslan, author of "No God but God," a history of Islam. The story of God through the prism of Islam seems to tell a very different story in the modern period. <CN> The existence of some fanatics cannot make us throw the baby out with the bathwater. It would be like saying all Italians are mobsters.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. In Islamic tradition, women are seen in terms of being mothers, wives or daughters. First, historically, Islam was not particularly intolerant, and it initially elevated the status of women. Followers of Islam deem that any physical depiction of him, even a positive one, is blasphemous. <CN> Good evening, then all women, men and children of the Muslim faith have the aim to kill us? Where did you read this thesis?
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Those people clearly believe that Islam is a religion of violence. Islam is a religion, and, as such, enjoys protection under the constitution. Many people cloak themselves in religion in order to justify their evil deeds. If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. <CN> But do you know this religion or a Muslim? Do you know that many Italians are muslim too? And it does not seem to me that they are all lethal terrorists.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Affleck was outspoken on all of them, but things got particularly heated when it came to Islam and the Muslim religion. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. However, this generalization ignores not only the number of branches of Islam and diversity of views among Muslims, but also the sociopolitical foundation of the problem. Things such as this are not compatible with Islam and thus worrisome to Muslim parents. One of the names of God that Muslims invoke most often is the Ever Living—Al Hayy. <CN> The radicalization is a complex problem, does not depend just on the characteristics of the Muslim religion.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Enough damage has been done already, by both Christians and Muslims. It happened because Islam is a sinister force, not necessarily all the Muslims. I am not surprised by the beheadings of Jews and Christians by Muslims. This is normative Islam, adhered to by a billion normal Muslims across the globe. Posted by: edbyronadams | January 11, 2010 11:53 AM Report Offensive CommentAre Christians attacking Muslims world-wide? <CN> Muslims in general do not impose their religion by force. Christians did this thing more often.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. Islam has declared war on us, on our Judeo-Christian civilization," Wilders said. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. "Islam has declared war on us, on our Judeo-Christian civilization," Wilders said. <CN> Islam is one of the major religions, there is also open dialogue with Christianity. Fanaticism is not exclusive to Islam.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> No informed person should be unaware of the basic incompatibility of Christianity and Islam. "Of course, it is undeniable that some Muslims butcher others in the name of Islam. "Islamic extremism for the majority of Muslims is an oxymoron," he explained to the agents. telling that to the hundreds of thousands of Bosnian Muslims killed in the 90s by Christians. Islam is a very dangerous political movement with religious clothingBut the Christian "Religious Right" is not political? <CN> Islam has many faces, just like Christianity. The majority of Muslims live their faith in a way fully compatible with the life of our communities and they do not intend to kill anyone.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Let us first ask all the victims of Islamic terrorism and violence, who are mostly muslim by the way. Hasan was an Islamic terrorist and we are at war with Islamic terrorism. By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. The Quran, Islam's literal word of Allah, says Arabia shall be wholly Islamic. The Quran and the Prophet of Islam have clearly defined who is a Muslim. <CN> Did you know that the major victims of Islamic terrorism are exactly the Muslims?
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Those people clearly believe that Islam is a religion of violence. Immediately after the terrorist attacks, Muslims began to feel the heat. "Open scorn for Islam has become a staple ingredient in the speeches of conservative Christian leaders since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. Terrorist attacks carry the risk of a copycat effect, Mr. Roy said. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. <CN> In the terrorist attacks, people die, without distinction of who they are, regardless of their religion, whether Catholic or Muslim or atheist. Islam is not terrorism.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. "Religion doesn't make people bigots," says Reza Aslan, author of "No God but God," a history of Islam. The story of God through the prism of Islam seems to tell a very different story in the modern period. Third, the Islamic world contains multitudes: It is vast and varied. <CN> It seems to me that you throw the baby out with the bathwater. Fanatics and thugs are everywhere, but that's not enough to say that all of them are!
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> And if people can talk to god, why does he tell different people to follow different religions? God attain affairs of universe galaxies and requisites of billions of people insects animals and trillions of thing simultaneously. This is reflected in a growing percentage of people who are spirital but refuse to be affiliated with a religion. <CN> The percentage of people who kill to impose their religion is far too low, minimal to be able to generalize well.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. Given Islam's long and variegated history, not to mention its abstruse jurisprudence, many will disagree. The story of God through the prism of Islam seems to tell a very different story in the modern period. School Board, warning them that the book rewrites Islamic history and presents a biased and incorrect version of the Muslim faith. <CN> You could say the same of Christianity, just look at the history.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. There is no love in Islam -- Only fear and hate. because his allegiance is to allah, the moon god of Arabia. Those people clearly believe that Islam is a religion of violence. There is no rationalization for terrorism except to an Islamic Jihadist. <CN> Have you read the Koran? I think that you speak using stereotypes.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Mickey Mouse might need to keep his pet Pluto on a tighter leash. Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. Therefore, any human being that submits himself to God is considered to be following "Islam." <CN> Yes. And Mickey Mouse wants to shoot Pluto! But go and tell this to the Beagle Boys.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> The first recruits to Islamic State had practised an extreme interpretation of Islam all their lives. The story of God through the prism of Islam seems to tell a very different story in the modern period. The lesson of the Islamic State is that war creates terrorism. Monis was Shiite - that is, the main enemies of Islamic State. Prophet Mohammed divided the world into two camps, dar al-Harb, the house of war, and dar al-Islam, the house of Islam. <CN> Fortunately there are few who have such a fanatical and crazy interpretation of Islam.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Religious communities must do more to counter extremist interpretations of their faith. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. In the United States, there is enormous suspicion of Islam and the Muslim faith. In the Almaleki case, the defendant admits the religious-cultural justification for his alleged crimes. <CN> Do not confuse the alleged religious who kill in the name of their faith with those who regularly and peacefully practice their religion.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. Islamic culture has given us majestic arches and soaring spires; timeless poetry and cherished music; elegant calligraphy and places of peaceful contemplation. Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. The founders of Political Islam are known as the innovators of this trend. By which Huckabee means the God of Christianity, not the God of Islam. <CN> The Sufis are Islamic, a particularly loving trend and linked to the arts such as music, dance and poetry. Nothing to do with murder.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Unfortunately because we neither turn the other cheek nor focus our anger properly. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. Folks, our public schools have become indoctrination centers - promoting Islam and marginalizing every other religion. Islam, on the other hand, flatly rejects even learning about Western Values, let alone understanding them. Instead of bringing Islam and Christianity closer, he is straining relations between the two religions," Ahmed said. <CN> Islam is very similar to Christianity, and as such it is not exempt from extremists strains, for example, as the anger of the other side of the Channel.
<HS> Islam is fanaticism. Muslims want to kill all who do not believe in their god. <knowl> Coffey said if he were to hear Walker talking about Islam being a peaceful religion, it would give him pause. We use the designation "moderate Islam" to differentiate it from "radical Islam." Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. God in Islam is certainly loving and compassionate, but also vengeful and overpowering. Unfortunately, when you point out your first point, the Islam-bashers call you a fool. <CN> Islam is a peaceful religion, not fanaticism. Isis is fanaticism, and I would like to point out that the first victims are Muslims.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> "The City of St. Anthony Village welcomes all religious faiths into our community. A number of different schools of thought exist within Sunni Islam, mostly with different views on interpreting Islamic law. The Iranian revolution is not exclusively that of Iran, because Islam does not belong to any particular people, insisted Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. Sufism, a branch of Islam that emphasizes the spiritual and mystical elements of the faith, has links to both Sunni and Shiite communities. <CN> Perhaps, you will not agree with what I write, but Muslims are like Christians, stratified and differentiated, poor, very poor, rich, educated, uneducated, a mixture of many different people, as in every community after all; communities and societies are not monolithic; where I come from we would say that 'the world is a village'.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Myths of the middle agesHistorians in the 1800s referred to the Dark Ages as a time of illiteracy and barbarianism, generally pinpointing the time period as between the fall of the Roman Empire and somewhere in the Middle Ages. Well-studied headWhile more investigation of the body was going on in the Middle Ages than previously realized, the 1200s remain the "Dark Ages" in the sense that little is known about human anatomical dissections during this time period, Charlier said. Today's Google doodle goes to the heart of his genius because it captures his joy in repetition, his love of the middle ages and his dream of a culture at one with nature. She added, ISIS wants to take its territory back to the Middle Ages. Every single one of the techniques that ISIS is using, she elaborated, the crucifixions, the beheadings, the burning alive, those were commonly used techniques in the Middle Ages. <CN> Middle Ages, in what sense? How does the reception of a different culture take us back? Racist narrow-mindedness is medieval.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> For example, in the course of Islamic history, non-Muslims have been allowed to enter Mecca and Medina. By the end of 1942 , Chetnik - Italian collaboration was routine . Since the time of the caliphs, however, Islamic law has been interpreted to forbid non-Muslims from entering these holy cities. Some American commentators suspect Europeans of wanting to appease radical Islam. Nevertheless, throughout much of Islamic history, Muslim governments have embraced an interpretation of Islamic law that imposes the death penalty for apostasy. <CN> No Muslim intend to impose his own culture to Italians.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Eating more than 10% of your calories from animal proteins in middle age could increase your risk of dying from diseases such as cancer and diabetes. More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. We're seeing the ramifications of the increase in obesity, said Tom Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The participants were interviewed about migraine symptoms in middle age and then, about 25 years later, asked about Parkinson's disease symptoms. Life expectancy at age 65 did not fall, another indication that the diseases behind the lower life expectancy occur in middle age or younger. <CN> There are no correlations between migrants and diseases, the director of the health board 2 of Rome says this. Http://espresso.repubblica.it/inchieste/2018/01/03/news/migranti-e-salute-basta-bufale-ecco-tutto-quello-che-bisogna-sapere-1.316458.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The theocratic ideology of Islamism thrives on division, polarization and claims of Muslim victimhood. This notion of takfir is central to the ideology of most contemporary Islamic militant groups, who have killed far more Muslims than non-Muslims. Of that group, almost 90% also think people who renounce Islam should be put to death. Critics say the site of mass murder by Islamic extremists is no place for an Islamic institution. For example, in the course of Islamic history, non-Muslims have been allowed to enter Mecca and Medina. <CN> It makes no sense to refer to Muslims as a unique and compact group, there is no 'Islamic' territorial entity.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The overall incidence of vaccine-preventable diseases declined dramatically during the 20th century. April 19 is the start of National Infant Immunization Week, a national campaign to raise awareness of the importance of immunizing kids against dangerous diseases. "Because of vaccines, many diseases that plagued children for centuries have all but been eliminated. It's the absence of measles that is driving down mortality from other diseases, he said. But it's important, especially for parents, to understand the potential consequences of preventable, infectious diseases. <CN> If we will die of eradicated diseases, the fault will be on who is doing the campaign against the vaccine.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> However, another profound but more hidden change is the altered shape of middle age. Life Reimagined paints a portrait of middle age that is far from grim and decelerating. They spend much of their time being tutored in Islamic studies. The timeline mostly stays within the parameters of the Greater Middle East. A video released this week plunged Japan, normally on the fringes of Middle Eastern matters, deep into the nightmarish world of the Islamic State. <CN> It seems to me an excessive alarmist statement, with no connection to reality.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Christie said the balance is necessary because of different diseases and vaccines, and he stressed that his comments are not meant to suggest that vaccinations are optional. years in prison, and renounced his support of the Islamic State. Only five randomized trials have examined the effectiveness of the flu vaccine. But none of these studies looked at whether the vaccine prevents death. The new study was supported in part by LigoCyte Pharmaceuticals, maker of the vaccine. <CN> If I want to make a trip to an Arab country I'm not asked to make any vaccine because there aren't different diseases from ours.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Islam is not part of the problem in combating violence extremism. "This is the first time we've heard of Christianity/religion as a driving force behind right-wing extremism," Buck said. Such discriminatory treatment of Christianity is an unconstitutional promotion of one religion over another, Thompson said. I've been documenting the rise of Islam in American public school classrooms for a number of years. Students were also allegedly instructed that the Islamic religion is a fact while Christianity and Judaism are just beliefs. <CN> Islam is a religion similar to Christianity, as much open. The extremisms are present in all religions.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> For example, in the course of Islamic history, non-Muslims have been allowed to enter Mecca and Medina. Mustafa Akyol is the author of Islam Without Extremes: A Muslim Case for Liberty, and a contributing opinion writer. Since the time of the caliphs, however, Islamic law has been interpreted to forbid non-Muslims from entering these holy cities. Their understanding of Islam comes from what they are taught by others. The timeline mostly stays within the parameters of the Greater Middle East. <CN> Even the Muslims have the right to practice their religion.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> But it means that people are now dying of noncommunicable diseases, or chronic diseases that are largely preventable. It's also true, researchers say, for people who die of the five most common diseases: circulatory problems, respiratory diseases, endocrine/nutritional/metabolic problems, digestive diseases and cancer. Eating more than 10% of your calories from animal proteins in middle age could increase your risk of dying from diseases such as cancer and diabetes. Eating chili-rich spicy foods was also linked to a lower risk of death from certain diseases, including cancer, ischemic heart diseases and respiratory diseases, they found. More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. <CN> Of what diseases do you speak about in particular? I am not aware that there is a study that actually demonstrates this link between foreign citizens and the increase of these alleged diseases.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Other reports suggest dozens have died from starvation or lack of medical care. In 1981, members of Islamic Jihad infiltrated the Egyptian army and assassinated President Anwar Sadat. "The director of animal control also received numerous complaints that the animals were starving to death." She appeared on Jessica Simpson's The Price of Beauty earlier this year to discuss her disease. The release of the video comes amid a U.S. airstrike campaign against Islamic State targets in Iraq. <CN> There is no danger of starving for 18,000 disembarkation a year, don't worry.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> In my exploration of fake news, I've found some troubling things. Location of one place where migrants deposit their cash for smugglers before leaving. Undoubtedly a criminal element entered the country with the influx of migrants entering Europe. One night, dozens of migrants boarded tour buses parked near the Izmir municipal building. The arrests highlighted the significant threat to Europe from Islamic State militants posing as migrants. <CN> Look, the news of the diseases brought by migrants is fake news. These are wrong preconceptions.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> However, another profound but more hidden change is the altered shape of middle age. Life Reimagined paints a portrait of middle age that is far from grim and decelerating. Along with that, increasing numbers of middle-aged whites said they were unable to work. More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. In middle age, they are dying at such a high rate that they are increasing the death rate for the entire group of middle-aged white Americans, Dr. Deaton and Dr. Case found. <CN> Do you have statistics, which can make us worry, that we do not know?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> At least 10 people died in the rioting, which lasted days and deeply unsettled the country's Christian minority. He accuses the security officers of the Islamic Republic of repeatedly and violently raping young women and men while they are in custody. Homosexuality was already illegal in Uganda, as it is in 37 other African countries. But he's also spoken of a middle way in which radical groups might be tolerated as a proper part of the country's democracy. Belaid said the militants were "nationals of Arab and African countries, and of non-African countries. <CN> If you refer to the young men and girls who emigrate from African countries, I would like to remind you that many are Christian. Immigration also does not lead to an increase in diseases.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> He is Pakistan country director for J.E. Austin Associates, a consulting firm for development projects in Pakistan and other countries. White Americans aged 80 and over can expect to keep on living longer than octogenarians in other industrialized countries, a study shows. The United States isn't doing this alone, because plenty of other countries have made big plans to combat these insurgents, too. "Our rates of drug poisoning and all of these external causes (of death) are so much more than other countries," Meara said. We know that in many other countries Muslims have it worse. <CN> If we will be able to accept and integrate into our society those who arrive from other countries, there will be an enrichment for everyone.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> "The ban is reminiscent of others imposed by radical Islamist groups. Such rhetoric serves the interests of the Islamic State, which aims to represent itself as the most authentic and realistic alternative for Islamists. "Timbuktu, long a hub of Islamic learning, has been home to some 20,000 manuscripts, some dating back as far as the 12th century. This is the form of Islam practiced for thousands of years," Toure said. The broadest effect has been what I call the Daeshification of the Islamic terrain. <CN> I know more Italians that are always sick and at home, than Islamists.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The release of the video comes amid a U.S. airstrike campaign against Islamic State targets in Iraq. The 22-minute video begins with footage of Jordanian involvement in a U.S.-led military coalition against Islamic State. ISIS has declared an Islamic state in the territory it controls in Iraq and neighboring Syria, imposing its harsh interpretation of Islamic law. He was a goofball in high school, one classmate told NBC News. According to unconfirmed reports, the so-called caliph of Islamic State, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, was killed by a U.S. airstrike in Raqqa, Syria. <CN> We have no news of particular infectious diseases in Islamic countries.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Myths of the middle agesHistorians in the 1800s referred to the Dark Ages as a time of illiteracy and barbarianism, generally pinpointing the time period as between the fall of the Roman Empire and somewhere in the Middle Ages. The political structure of Western Europe changed with the end of the united Roman Empire . Renaissance scholars saw the Middle Ages as a period of decline from the high culture and civilisation of the Classical world ; Enlightenment scholars saw reason as superior to faith , and thus viewed the Middle Ages as a time of ignorance and superstition . Many of the surviving manuscripts of the Latin classics were copied in monasteries in the Early Middle Ages . It began with the fall of the Western Roman Empire and merged into the Renaissance and the Age of Discovery . <CN> Truly, if we come back to the Middle Ages, I would hope to finish in the Islamic world. They are the ones who brought us out of the dark ages. The Islamic world after the Roman Empire and before the Enlightenment was the cradle of humanity, for almost a thousand years.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Along with that, increasing numbers of middle-aged whites said they were unable to work. That said, for a self-described religion of peace, Islam does claim a lot of lives. Muslims, it is well known, identify all prescripts of Islamic Law totally and vehemently with the Command of God... The files revealed the names of 123.They came from a variety of countries: France, German, Spain, Tunisia and Egypt. The names of Islamic fighters, their pseudonyms, their countries of origin and contact numbers for family members, we had seen before. <CN> Good evening, then you confirm to me that all countries with an Islamic majority are poor and sites of diseases that disappeared? Can you link me to an analysis about it? Thank you.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The 30,000 to 50,000 members of the Islamic State are Muslim. For example, in the course of Islamic history, non-Muslims have been allowed to enter Mecca and Medina. The hero vs. villain dichotomy erases the millions of stories in the middle, implying that diversity within Islam is nonexistent. There has been plenty of support for LGBT rights among Muslims. Like most human beings, the majority of Muslims are quite boring. <CN> Excuse me, why should we suffer from hunger because of Muslims? Can you tell me why, please?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Power struggles are common between central and local governments, and when more units are created, the power of localities as a whole diminishes. There is plenty of economic activity in the U.S., and plenty of wealth. Our research in Uganda suggests that extreme fragmentation also can allow the central government to consolidate power vis-à-vis the local governments. light of the positive developments toward addressing some of the organizational requirements ... Local governments should foot the tab themselves for carrying out their duties. <CN> In my opinion you attribute to Islam a power which it does not have, the maldistribution of wealth and thus of the access to food and water must be ascribed to the local governments and to the excessive power of the multinationals; it is like saying that we will suffer from hunger and diseases because of Christians or Buddhists or Hindus.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The most valuable course she took at Stanford, she told the graduates, wasn't economics or politics, but a seminar called Christian, Islamic and Jewish Political Philosophies of the Middle Ages. The writer Christopher Hitchens warned of the Taliban's program of medieval stultification. She added, ISIS wants to take its territory back to the Middle Ages. Every single one of the techniques that ISIS is using, she elaborated, the crucifixions, the beheadings, the burning alive, those were commonly used techniques in the Middle Ages. Following the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, American political discourse was flooded with this kind of language. <CN> When we were in the Middle Ages, the 'Islamics' as you call them, lived a period of incredible wealth and prosperity, so I think we should let them in.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Confronted with Adam's death, each of his middle-aged friends tries, in one way or another, to return to the lost country of youth. Islamic State's 'emir of war' dies of wounds suffered in U.S. However, another profound but more hidden change is the altered shape of middle age. Life Reimagined paints a portrait of middle age that is far from grim and decelerating. Poll of young Arabs offers hope.]A year later, Wahib was instrumental in the Islamic State's series of military victories in Iraq's western Anbar province. <CN> While it is well documented that Western colonization brought many diseases among colonized indigenous, there are no proofs of the contrary,that the recent immigration in Italy has brought any disease. Muslims are also two billion, very different from each other in lifestyles and levels of health care.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Iranian authorities accuse them of spreading Christian writings in Farsi to convert Muslims. There is a huge lake of natural law that Islam and Christianity have in common. An Islamic court in Khartoum found her guilty of apostasy, that is, leaving Islam and converting to Christianity. A classroom assignment on Islam says one negative effect of the Crusades is that Christians are still treating Muslims harshly. The shame is, most of you really believe you are Christians. <CN> Among the Muslims, as among Christians, there are persons that are very conservative and others that are very open and share the values
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Today, they are the most conspicuous non-Islamic presence in the Middle East. She added, ISIS wants to take its territory back to the Middle Ages. Education here teaches that if you are a practicing Muslim, you are an ignorant person who will bring the country back to the Middle Ages, he said. According to this narrative, going back to the Middle Ages Christian forces from the West have persistently sought to break the grip of Islam on its people. Every single one of the techniques that ISIS is using, she elaborated, the crucifixions, the beheadings, the burning alive, those were commonly used techniques in the Middle Ages. <CN> Prejudices are of the Middle Ages, you cannot generalize, most Muslims are not integralists.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The situation is deadly, he said, adding that an infant died of malnutrition this month. The Islamic Front is a powerful alliance of rebel groups battling against the Islamic State group. This is very different from the feel of kebabs from the Kurdish and Arab southeast of Turkey. For the moment at least, the kebab's juicy mystery seems to have halted the forces of globalization. A fast-food establishment, mimicking American chains, offers fried chicken and fries instead of lamb kebab and rice. <CN> At the moment I am still in credit, I take advantage of the fact that we imported kebab to prevent starvation.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> He also quantitatively studied the effect of age on the size of the RMS . The extent of age - related RMS decline in humans has been the subject of significant debate . More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. The nature of the molecular cues involved in the correct targeting of the migrating precursors remains a question . The first linked the age of the father to the incidence of diseases such as autism and schizophrenia. <CN> Do you have data related to the incidence of diseases because of the migration? For me, it does not appear so.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Porterfield and Ellis also took issue with the white-washing of the Islamic faith. More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. Philanthropy is a personal responsibility, which I embarked upon more than three decades ago and is an intrinsic part of my Islamic faith. The textbook is a very cleaned up version of Islam, Porterfield said. Life expectancy at age 65 did not fall, another indication that the diseases behind the lower life expectancy occur in middle age or younger. <CN> It does not appear to me that there are correlations between the Islamic faith and the fact of being affected by a disease.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The caricature of Islam as a violent and intolerant religion is horrendously incomplete. The persecution of Christians, Ahmadis, Yazidis, Bahai — and Shiites — is far too common in the Islamic world. "Of course there is homosexuality, gay people have existed and even been represented in Islam throughout history. Transfer of US Islamic Jihadists Prisoners from Guantanamo to President Gaddaffi's Prisons (including later President Obama's). "There isn't a singular, modular concept of sexuality in Islam, it is always been debated and contested. <CN> Diversity should be a resource, not something to fear. From comparison with the other, we can learn a lot.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> But it means that people are now dying of noncommunicable diseases, or chronic diseases that are largely preventable. Those who reported regularly consuming nuts were less likely to die from a variety of diseases, most significantly cancer, heart disease and respiratory diseases. Rates of ischemic heart disease, respiratory diseases and cancers were all lower in hot-food eaters. More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. Eating more than 10% of your calories from animal proteins in middle age could increase your risk of dying from diseases such as cancer and diabetes. <CN> How will they limit our food and will it increase diseases?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Eating more than 10% of your calories from animal proteins in middle age could increase your risk of dying from diseases such as cancer and diabetes. More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. The gains from improved cardiovascular disease deaths seem to outweigh all of the losses in other diseases combined. Mice and humans with higher levels of IGF-1 often have a higher risk of developing these diseases. <CN> The organizations of healthcare have not launched any alarm about the reappearance of eradicated diseases.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The kings of Sparta and the consuls of Rome prove also the factious consequences of dividing the executive magistracy. Ghost of Sparta is a palm - sized epic video game . Development of Ghost of Sparta took 23 months to complete . Alexander to Actium : The Historical Evolution of the Hellenistic Age . <CN> The worst diseases are those who eat your soul and do not look if you were born in Sparta or Rome.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> You won't get any rice and you will die of hunger", he told me, without any sign of emotion. In a sign of their desperation, many had launched hunger strikes. The migrants, without food or water as the days dragged on, began to die of thirst, hunger and exposure, according to Settou. "We spoke to many migrants and relatives of migrants in southern Bangladesh. Bilal Diab and Thaer Halahleh, members of Islamic Jihad, began the hunger strike Feb. 28 to protest their administrative detention without charge or trial. <CN> Why will we suffer from hunger? Migrants do not deplete the social base, in which they are inserted.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The note - printed on an A4 piece of paper - included symbols associated with the Islamic religion and an Islamic greeting. Since the rise of Islamic militancy in the 1970s, the hardline Salafist Islam practiced by terrorist groups has dominated American media coverage. Most of the time, though, American politics is precisely about compromising principles. With works put to the service of harmony, we understand that the best weapons for fighting the fanaticism claiming to represent Islam is within Islam itself. The fear of retaliation has intensified as anti-Islam protests have begun on the streets in France and authorities target suspected Islamic extremists in mass raids. <CN> The principles of the Islamic religion are not incompatible with Western culture.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> However, another profound but more hidden change is the altered shape of middle age. Life Reimagined paints a portrait of middle age that is far from grim and decelerating. Number of Victims DoubledThe death squads often double the number of victims who died at the hands of Islamic militants. Oates is pursuing a theme that couldn't be more timely: a bunch of middle-aged people who want to be children. Islamic State's 'emir of war' dies of wounds suffered in U.S. <CN> I eat as usual and I get the usual flu, and you?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The Middle Ages to Exploration of the Americas, used in 30 of Tennessee's 140 school districts. Integrating these aspirations with liberal ideas of democracy and freedom of religion is a decidedly challenging endeavor. These speakers claim to preach Islam, but they peddle a highly politicized, often violent strain of my faith. But I came of age as the genocide against Bosnian Muslims unfolded on the other side of Europe. The most valuable course she took at Stanford, she told the graduates, wasn't economics or politics, but a seminar called Christian, Islamic and Jewish Political Philosophies of the Middle Ages. <CN> The Middle Ages is not represented by professing one religion instead of another, it is rather represented by discriminating on the basis of someone's faith.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> "This is what Islam is like: Islam of killing, Islam of terrorism, Islam of setting things on fire. Just as the Crusades were integrally linked to Roman Catholicism in the Middle Ages, terrorist movements today are immersed in a particular anti-modern interpretation of Islam. Critics of Islam and Muslims scoff at this romanticism, asserting that Muslims have not produced anything great since the Middle Ages and most likely will never again. According to this narrative, going back to the Middle Ages Christian forces from the West have persistently sought to break the grip of Islam on its people. The Middle Ages to Exploration of the Americas, used in 30 of Tennessee's 140 school districts. <CN> The Middle Ages was not so negative as a period, Islam has been a cradle of civilization.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Therefore, we need to realize there will be significant changes to come in the healthcare industry. The deal makes no significant changes in President Obama's healthcare law, which Republicans had previously demanded. That reflects both pragmatism and realism: Not only is the age of big government really over, so is the age of government as the transformative force in American society. Ranting Choudary has claimed in the past that he is no fan of western lifestyles of our 'decadent' society. Yusufi Vali, executive director of the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center, the largest mosque in the Boston area, also rejected the Tsarnaev brothers. <CN> The number of incoming Muslims is too small to make significant changes in our society and healthcare.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The targets of FBI stings are almost exclusively Muslim men between the ages of 15 and 35. Many Muslims are wary of donating to Islamic charities, both domestic and foreign, for fear of raising government suspicions. Framing it that way gives the barbarians of the Islamic State a narrative for the toxicants they spread in the guise of religion. After her husband died of illness a few years ago, the widow moved to a displaced persons camp with her two young daughters. On the night of Jan. 30, the Islamic State used the cover of fog to attack a Kurdish battalion near the town of Mahmour. <CN> I do not think there is anything that can confirm this type of bond. It seems instead an unfounded statement that spread only fear and contempt against categories of persons.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> What exactly brings the OIC - Organization of Islamic Countries - believe in. So half of them say that Islam should guide their lives? The inherent mysogeneity of Islam tends to make that all but impossible. Some forms of Islam are incompatible with absolutely EVERYTHING else, including democracy. Everyone knows USA is the biggest enemy of Democracy in Middle East. <CN> Really? It seems to me that it is a comment a bit excessive.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Eating more than 10% of your calories from animal proteins in middle age could increase your risk of dying from diseases such as cancer and diabetes. More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. The gains from improved cardiovascular disease deaths seem to outweigh all of the losses in other diseases combined. Mice and humans with higher levels of IGF-1 often have a higher risk of developing these diseases. <CN> Could you indicate a source that accepts the link between the presence of Muslim citizens and the diseases that you mentioned?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The modernist is proud of Islam and yet able to live comfortably in, and contribute to, Western society. The persecution of Christians, Ahmadis, Yazidis, Bahai — and Shiites — is far too common in the Islamic world. We will mixed with intricate fabric of the Western society but still will remember to Jihad when time comes. <CN> Tolerance and sharing are typical of Western society. We must ensure that our science acts in favour of all in the world.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> As Libya slid into chaos, hundreds of thousands of mostly African migrants flooded the country's coastline, attempting to cross to Europe. BERLIN — When hundreds of thousands of migrants poured into Europe from the war-torn Middle East and beyond, Germany stepped in with shelter and aid. Undoubtedly a criminal element entered the country with the influx of migrants entering Europe. The arrests highlighted the significant threat to Europe from Islamic State militants posing as migrants. And jihadist group Islamic State (IS) is known to have infiltrated that wave of migration. <CN> I don't know of any case of infectious diseases brought by migrants, from what source did you take this belief?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. They are drawn from cases of statistically unexpected respiratory disease among young responders. Most of the study participants aged one biological year for each chronological year. Investments in your health in middle age will have payoffs in old age. Sticking with a Mediterranean diet throughout most of your life may pay off with a disease-free old age, according to researchers in Boston. <CN> Excuse me, but if the diseases disappeared how can they return?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> However, another profound but more hidden change is the altered shape of middle age. Life Reimagined paints a portrait of middle age that is far from grim and decelerating. Number of Victims DoubledThe death squads often double the number of victims who died at the hands of Islamic militants. Islamic State's 'emir of war' dies of wounds suffered in U.S. In the case of Rahman, two key principles of Islamic jurisprudence come into play. <CN> Excuse me, but what do you mean? Have you seen the latest figures? Http://www.healthdesk.it/scenari/non-vero-che-portano-malattie-miti-migranti-sfatati-dati.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Of course, the Ebola epidemic in West Africa is completely different from the smallpox epidemic. In one of the countries, Guinea, they are turning to a method that helped wipe smallpox off the globe. In Nigeria at about that time, a medical missionary named Bill Foege was faced with the challenge of containing a smallpox outbreak. From cholera to the Black Death, explore the pathology and symptoms of the infectious diseases that have harassed mankind since the 14th century. In the 1960s, as smallpox raged across parts of Africa, Asia and South America, the leading global strategy was to vaccinate masses of people against the disease. <CN> Look, the only disease that really is eradicated worldwide is smallpox, the others have not been eradicated.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Soldiers of the Islamic State captured 21 Christian crusaders, the jihadists said in a statement picked up by the Site Intelligence Group. Since October, 46 people have died of starvation, illnesses exacerbated by hunger or because they could not obtain medical aid, residents said. Barring people of the Islamic faith would be as easy as interviewing them at entry points about their religious affiliation, Trump said. Bilal Diab and Thaer Halahleh, members of Islamic Jihad, began the hunger strike Feb. 28 to protest their administrative detention without charge or trial. He said: "I simply forbid a uniform that is the symbol of Islamic extremism. <CN> I think it's best to check before making certain statements. I've never heard of Muslims who would have reduced someone to hunger or would have sent illnesses typical of their religious affiliation here in Italy.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> However, another profound but more hidden change is the altered shape of middle age. Life Reimagined paints a portrait of middle age that is far from grim and decelerating. In the context of polluted air, says Alexis, either scenario likely isn't good. At middle age, he wrote, the sowing is behind; now is the time to reap. Obese children will be at higher risk for a range of ailments as they age, particularly heart disease. <CN> It is more likely that those who arrive will start to die of pollution.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Historical facts say that Islam, including Muhammad, launched their own Crusades against Christianity long before the European Crusades. Etched on the other is a symbol of a cross that dates from the Crusades of the Middle Ages. Because of this difficulty, we let three scholars and two eyewitness participants analyze the motives of the early Islamic Crusades. However, scholars of the First Crusade generally consider the text authentic. The timeline mostly stays within the parameters of the Greater Middle East. <CN> It seems to me that we are no longer in the Middle Ages. However, this statement against Muslims really brings us back to the time of the Crusades.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Obese teenagers were five times more likely to die of heart disease by middle age, versus those who were thin but not considered underweight. The amount of insulin released to lower blood glucose can overshoot the mark and result in a rapid return of hunger. The risk of heart disease, hypertension and diabetes is exacerbated by obesity, and middle age is when men are likely to be overweight. Among the earlier and later menarche groups, the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) was higher than that of vascular and hypertensive disease. Along with that, increasing numbers of middle-aged whites said they were unable to work. <CN> Good evening, what is the connection between Islam and the return of hunger and disease?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> More such attacks will surely follow as Islamic State makes inroads in South Asia's huge Muslim population. During operations complete annihilation of the Muslim population was undertaken , regardless of sex and age . But the rise of the Islamic State appears to be pushing things in the opposite direction. In 1943 , his troops carried out several massacres against the Muslim population of Bosnia , Herzegovina and the Sandžak , and participated in the anti - Partisan Case White offensive alongside Italian forces . After being forced out of Serbia by the Germans , Mihailović arrived in Montenegro as the Italians and Chetniks were fighting the Partisans . <CN> Good morning, the Muslim population in Italy does not exceed 5%, How could this represent a threat to Italians?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Any depiction of Islam's prophet is considered blasphemy by many Muslims. The high temperatures hit during the Islamic month of Ramadan, when many Muslims were fasting during daylight hours. If anyone should be afraid of allowing more refugees into his country, it should be the president of France. <CN> The presence of Muslims does not implicate in any way an increase of diseases and food problems: there are many Muslims in a lot of developed countries, such as France, Germany and the UK.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> "The forces of Mahdi Army defend the interests of Iraq and Islamic countries," al-Sadr said. The conference on Islamic finance was designed to explore how free market principles could work in Islamic countries. And in many countries, Islamic banking has grown enough that there are competing banks looking for Muslim customers. Life for them, though, is not easy because their creative aspirations are kept firmly in check by the Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance, responsible for approving all publications in the country. Most Islamic countries have certain dress codes, said Gabriel Said Reynolds, professor of Islamic Studies at the University of Notre Dame. <CN> There are almost two billion Muslims in the world, in many countries, and they are very different. The most modern and evolved Islamic countries have cultural levels comparable to those of many Western countries. Generalizing is not correct.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Eating more than 10% of your calories from animal proteins in middle age could increase your risk of dying from diseases such as cancer and diabetes. More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. Doctors Without Borders said later that five people died of starvation in the civil war-ravaged town. Scores of people and tens of thousands of livestock have died from starvation and related diseases in the arid northern regions. Since October, 46 people have died of starvation, illnesses exacerbated by hunger or because they could not obtain medical aid, residents said. <CN> I do not believe that people of a particular religious affiliation would be able to cause diseases and reduce us to starvation.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Despite strict punishments and confiscation of millions of gallons of alcohol, Iranian officials say consumption is on the rise. They are proliferating at a faster rate than ever, at least in part because of the Bond, James Bond Phenomenon. Thus are their minds relieved, momentarily, of the existential fear of approaching senescence and the inevitability of death — which, despite assurances to the contrary, they strongly suspect holds no hope of an eternal life with butterflies and rainbows. The seven prime defendants include three suspected Islamic terrorists thought to be among the ideologues of the attacks, and three other suspected Islamic terrorists suspected of actually putting some of the bombs on the four trains that were torn apart in the explosions. Iranian police are taking measures against driving under the influence of alcohol, with offenders liable to fines of over $100, confiscation of their driving licenses and criminal prosecution. <CN> While newspapers tend to look for a link between the presence of foreign citizens and the increase of diseases, I think that we should be more cautious because no research shows this bond.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The High Middle Ages was a period of tremendous expansion of population . The aging of the world will change cultures in myriad ways. The High Middle Ages was a period of great religious movements . The Late Middle Ages in Europe as a whole correspond to the Trecento and Early Renaissance cultural periods in Italy . But throughout the Middle Ages the population of the towns probably never exceeded 10 per cent of the total population . <CN> The percentage of Muslims in Italy is around 3%, which is very low. Even if it would be true that they are culturally backward (and often it is not true), a reduced number can hardly change the cultural base of a population.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> In fact, a majority of Republicans younger than age 45, 63 percent, said they viewed Islam as inherently peaceful. Coffey said if he were to hear Walker talking about Islam being a peaceful religion, it would give him pause. Fifty-three percent of likely Republican caucus participants and 81 percent of likely Democratic caucus participants said they believe Islam is inherently peaceful. She added, ISIS wants to take its territory back to the Middle Ages. Taking the opposite view from Coffey was Alex Bellings, 27, a customer-service worker from Coralville and likely Republican caucus-goer who sees Islam as a peaceful religion. <CN> How a peaceful religion could bring back a civilized country in the Middle Ages?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The most valuable course she took at Stanford, she told the graduates, wasn't economics or politics, but a seminar called Christian, Islamic and Jewish Political Philosophies of the Middle Ages. Today's Google doodle goes to the heart of his genius because it captures his joy in repetition, his love of the middle ages and his dream of a culture at one with nature. For Ruskin too, industrial society was evil and the middle ages offered a better model of social solidarity and happiness in work. The writer Christopher Hitchens warned of the Taliban's program of medieval stultification. She added, ISIS wants to take its territory back to the Middle Ages. <CN> If you think about it, maybe the Middle Ages is never past, have you ever read the book of Vacca, 'the next dark age'?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> "But I had to watch many people die out of starvation and sickness. As our series showed, government officials often become concerned only when a person dies of starvation, but fail to notice the warning signs that lead up to those deaths, when sick people can't get vital nutrition or medical treatment. One of them says state governments would be responsible for identifying starving people and communities. The Islamic Front is a powerful alliance of rebel groups battling against the Islamic State group. The second part of the autopsy would be a consultation with other members of the tribe, caste, class, gender or age group to which the affected people belong, the protocol states. <CN> What diseases are you talking about? And how could people who believe in a religion lead to starvation? It would be like saying that Catholics will reduce us to thirst or cold.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Fighting against the Majority Holy Warriors of Islam (Islamic Jihadists supported by the Majority of the Fundamentalist Islamic People of Pakistan).3. By Fundamentalist Islamic Laws MUST Support the Holy Warriors of Islam. But the ambitions and aspirations of its leaders are years ahead of their still ill-educated, conservative, Islamic people. Oates is pursuing a theme that couldn't be more timely: a bunch of middle-aged people who want to be children. Nevertheless, throughout much of Islamic history, Muslim governments have embraced an interpretation of Islamic law that imposes the death penalty for apostasy. <CN> The level of healthcare response of the Islamic people is similar to ours.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The ignorance of most Non Islamic Believers about Islam is unbelievable. Some of them have no problem with Islam, others are virulently opposed to everything Islamic. Tripoli is the home of Lebanon's Salafist movement, which seeks Islamic states based on a strict adherence to Middle Age interpretations of Islamic law. The hero vs. villain dichotomy erases the millions of stories in the middle, implying that diversity within Islam is nonexistent. The Army of Islam is regarded by the Syrian government and its most powerful ally, Russia, as a sectarian, terrorist group that differs little from more extremist groups like the Islamic State. <CN> I do not understand the correlation between 'suffer from hunger', and religion. I personally know brilliant professionals from many different faiths, including Islam.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> This conflation of religion and politics poisons Islam itself, too, by overshadowing all the religion's theological and moral teachings. They spend much of their time being tutored in Islamic studies. It is time to undo this conflation of religion and politics. And the obliging of the reverters from Islam (apostates) to repent. And some kinds of religion fail at the end of life. <CN> But the illnesses have a religious origin? Do we expect their return according to the religion?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Bangladesh revoke the citizenship of these enemies of Islam," a statement accompanying the list says. After the attacks, the moments of writing were moments of escape, Leiris said. The Office of President Ashraf Ghani also released a statement confirming Omar's death. Critics of the textbooks argue that Islam spread largely through violent conquest over the centuries. The Middle Ages to Exploration of the Americas, used in 30 of Tennessee's 140 school districts. <CN> Are you quite sure about your statement? Did you inform yourself before writing the comment?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> So far, human-to-human transmission has only occurred among people with close contact with infected people. No, Legionnaires' disease cannot be passed between people, even those who have close contact such as roommates or spouses. Yusufi Vali, executive director of the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center, the largest mosque in the Boston area, also rejected the Tsarnaev brothers. Even as America reaches record levels of obesity, more guys than ever are taking up endurance racing and otherwise extreme fitness routines, often in their middle age. By Moni Basu and Eric Marrapodi, CNN(CNN) - Tamerlan Tsarnaev died early Friday, and according to the rules of Islam, he should have been buried by now. <CN> Maybe you have too little trust in the society in which you live. Close contact with different cultures does not necessarily undergo conditioning.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> With this game, we're taking a historical perspective, examining the end of the Migration era, through the Viking Age and into the early High Middle Ages. Even if you're a little fuzzy on the dates of the early High Middle Ages, there's no ignoring Geudelekian's enthusiasm. A draft version of one of the cards in the upcoming Beowulf game from King Post Productions. This is a kind of ancient existentialism, which I think is why the poem and other Northern literature of the time is so compelling to us now. By Sam Haysom2015-11-20 10:07:51 UTCScottish presenter Andrew Neil has described the Islamic State (ISIS) as a "barbaric death cult that would shame the middle ages" in a stirring two-minute monologue on Thursday night's edition of BBC current affairs show This Week. <CN> Migration has always led to the evolution of society, so it is more likely that they will make us exit from the Middle Ages.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> When Islamic State militants captured the Iraqi city of Mosul, for instance, there were reports of mass beheadings. To return to the media's role: Many of our assumptions about how people will react are, perhaps, outdated. In the latest report they said significant numbers of foreign fighters had arrived in the Isis stronghold of Sirte. America's worst drivers are found at the opposite end of the spectrum, between the ages of 15 and 24. The officers were acquitted of murder charges a year later — setting off a sea of protests, new police training procedures and numerous studies of how racial bias influences snap decisions on whether to shoot. <CN> Numerous studies have shown that there is no link between the increase in the number of foreign citizens and the supposed return of diseases that seemed outdated.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Death rates are rising for middle-aged white Americans, while declining in other wealthy countries and among other races and ethnicities. Along with that, increasing numbers of middle-aged whites said they were unable to work. "I believe that the long-term future of the human race must be in space. The study analyzed the demographic and characteristics of newlyweds who differ in race or ethnicity and compared them to couples of the same race or ethnicity. The aging of the human race has been faster than anyone could have imagined a few decades ago. <CN> Looking in the mirror is useful if you remove the bandage to discover that there is only one race: the human race regardless of religions and ethnicities.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> #israelgilhaloccpal Mahmoud Sarsak is a terrorist, a member of Islamic Jihad. In their study, mice were given a diet supplemented with the compound known as resveratrol starting at their equivalent of middle age until old age. The situation is deadly, he said, adding that an infant died of malnutrition this month. The remains of the deceased detainee are being treated with respect for Islamic culture and traditions. <CN> What do you mean with 'we will suffer from hunger'?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Mr. Balslev-Olesen said Unicef recently received reports of people dying from hunger and thirst. Those who are dying of gunshots, Dr. Dut notes, are fewer than those who are dying of hunger. AWEIL, South Sudan — One gauge of the famine looming in South Sudan is that people are simply collapsing from hunger. One woman we talked to had started in such penury that four of her children had died of starvation or disease. Since October, 46 people have died of starvation, illnesses exacerbated by hunger or because they could not obtain medical aid, residents said. <CN> It does not seem to me that we suffer from hunger. However, as long as other people are starving in Africa, goes all well?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Framing it that way gives the barbarians of the Islamic State a narrative for the toxicants they spread in the guise of religion. An estimated 90% of Bangladesh's population is Muslim, making Islam far and away the majority religion. The country has one of the largest populations of Muslims in the world, and Islam is enshrined as a state religion. You are disrespecting all of the victims of this disgusting act. They spend much of their time being tutored in Islamic studies. <CN> Hi, do you think that the comparison with a culture and religion different from ours is not a source of enrichment?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> However, another profound but more hidden change is the altered shape of middle age. Life Reimagined paints a portrait of middle age that is far from grim and decelerating. Number of Victims DoubledThe death squads often double the number of victims who died at the hands of Islamic militants. Oates is pursuing a theme that couldn't be more timely: a bunch of middle-aged people who want to be children. Islamic State's 'emir of war' dies of wounds suffered in U.S. <CN> It does not seem to me that they bring particular diseases.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. Cancer has shown the enormous potential of precision medicine, researchers say. Life expectancy at age 65 did not fall, another indication that the diseases behind the lower life expectancy occur in middle age or younger. With the use of bioelectronic medicines, the belief is these diseases can be treated with greater precision and fewer side effects than with conventional medicines. Eating more than 10% of your calories from animal proteins in middle age could increase your risk of dying from diseases such as cancer and diabetes. <CN> Could you show me with precision to what diseases you refer?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The mayor calls the burqini "the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion." "Transgressors could face a fine of €38 (£33; $42).Lisnard calls the burkini "the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion. Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton declined Sunday to say that a radical form of Islam is behind terror attacks connected to the Islamic State and other such attacks committed by fringe members of the Muslim religion. During the holy month of Ramadan, Muslims engage in intense prayer and strict fasting. A handful of prominent attacks contributed to the Islamic State's particularly bloody holy month. <CN> I do not see how belonging to the Muslim religion can somehow bring damage to others or spread diseases.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Breivik was not, in fact, a killer of immigrants or Muslims. Bin Laden reportedly dies of a gunshot wound to the head. Renewing this spirit of Americanism will help heal the divisions in our country. Part of their challenge is disarming the various warlords who control the country. The size of current immigration flows are simply too large to perform adequate screening. <CN> When you're an immigrant in a country that welcomes you with respect, you're the first to want to demonstrate that you respect the rules that are there, respect is a two-way mutual function.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Of the top 50 nations documented for their persecution of Christians, 41 are Muslim majority or have sizeable Muslim populations, such as Ethiopia and Kenya. Zainah Anwar, the founder of Sisters in Islam, a women's rights group, describes a headlong descent into a puritanical, extremist, intolerant brand of Islam in this country. The protests have been seen as a test of the Muslim-majority country's respect for tolerance in the face of the growing influence and organization of Islamist... The office has said that Atlaoui will not be put to death during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan in Muslim-majority Indonesia, which ends in mid-July. The attack was similar to recent killings of atheist bloggers by radical Islamists in Muslim-majority Bangladesh. <CN> Many of the current countries with a Muslim majority have been beacons of civilization, just think of the vital contribution made by Arab culture to our development in all sectors, including mathematics, astronomy, literature etc .
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> It puts the lie to the idea of the Islamic world as a bloc united by religious values that are hostile to the West. The persecution of Christians, Ahmadis, Yazidis, Bahai — and Shiites — is far too common in the Islamic world. A mundane achievement, perhaps, but it's one that's beyond the grasp of the Islamic world. Nasr Hamid Abu Zyad, one of the Islamic world's greatest theologians, said before his death in 2010. China is also foraging in such backwaters of the Islamic world for energy as Yemen, Sudan and Chad. <CN> Who was Avveroé? Manzoni says this in his romance "The Betrothed'. Avveroé was a sage, philosopher and also a worthy exponent of the Islamic world when in the West heretics were burned.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> She added, ISIS wants to take its territory back to the Middle Ages. Every single one of the techniques that ISIS is using, she elaborated, the crucifixions, the beheadings, the burning alive, those were commonly used techniques in the Middle Ages. This is Morris's quirkiness done to a T: the man who mourned the death of traditional crafts and longed to restore what he imagined were the communal values of the middle ages also designed fonts that still look good in the internet age. The most valuable course she took at Stanford, she told the graduates, wasn't economics or politics, but a seminar called Christian, Islamic and Jewish Political Philosophies of the Middle Ages. Well, Mrs. Fiorina explained, What ISIS wants to do is drive us back to the Middle Ages, literally. <CN> The Middle Ages is perhaps a mental age from which we must emancipate to appreciate humanity without prejudice.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> They should have shared with us reliable information before the incident, he said. Can a biography of the prophet of Islam, be told without controversy or cliches? "It's high-quality, reliable information, there's a lot out there that isn't. At the time, the Australian government warned of reliable information to suggest that militants may be planning to target Australian interests in Bangladesh. This shift in the balance of power between Shi'ites and Sunnis led to the emergence of a crescent-shaped region in the Middle East with a majority Shi'ite population under Tehran's sphere of influence. <CN> I think it's fair to argue such a statement with data and reliable information. Far away then from clichés completely unfounded.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Scores died of hunger and thirst until Kurdish peshmerga fighters broke through and created a corridor through which they could escape. They spend much of their time being tutored in Islamic studies. And the obliging of the reverters from Islam (apostates) to repent. Their understanding of Islam comes from what they are taught by others. Bilal Diab and Thaer Halahleh, members of Islamic Jihad, began the hunger strike Feb. 28 to protest their administrative detention without charge or trial. <CN> We will suffer from hunger if the economy collapses, certainly not for a religion.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Critics of Islam and Muslims scoff at this romanticism, asserting that Muslims have not produced anything great since the Middle Ages and most likely will never again. Every single one of the techniques that ISIS is using, she elaborated, the crucifixions, the beheadings, the burning alive, those were commonly used techniques in the Middle Ages. Dr. Sabra characterizes the history of Islamic science as a field that ''hasn't even begun yet. Well, Mrs. Fiorina explained, What ISIS wants to do is drive us back to the Middle Ages, literally. Commanded by the Koran to seek knowledge and read nature for signs of the Creator, and inspired by a treasure trove of ancient Greek learning, Muslims created a society that in the Middle Ages was the scientific center of the world. <CN> And thinking that it is thanks to the medicine and science and the culture, brought to the West by Islam that we left the Middle Ages.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> France prides itself on being an open society, with freedom of press and expression and the birthplace of the declaration of human rights. In fact some of the more radical elements of British society are British-born. About 40 percent of children will now spend some of their childhood in a cohabiting union. In the absence of a courtship narrative, young people have evolved a casual, ad hoc version of their own: cohabitation. In Israel, too, the community of Soviet émigrés — a large and powerful block of voters — leans hard to the right. <CN> It's up to us to make them participate in the achievements of our society, especially in terms of human rights. Cohabitation is inescapable.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. Eating more than 10% of your calories from animal proteins in middle age could increase your risk of dying from diseases such as cancer and diabetes. The participants were interviewed about migraine symptoms in middle age and then, about 25 years later, asked about Parkinson's disease symptoms. Sticking with a Mediterranean diet throughout most of your life may pay off with a disease-free old age, according to researchers in Boston. Life expectancy at age 65 did not fall, another indication that the diseases behind the lower life expectancy occur in middle age or younger. <CN> I do not see the link between Islamism and diseases.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Besides smoking, there could be lots of other reasons that Americans are especially unhealthy in middle age. This longevity gap, Dr. Preston says, is primarily due to the relatively high rates of sickness and death among middle-aged Americans, chiefly from heart disease and cancer. This is the form of Islam practiced for thousands of years," Toure said. The broadest effect has been what I call the Daeshification of the Islamic terrain. Sufism is a mystical dimension of Islam considered offbeat and frowned upon by Islamic hardliners. <CN> I did not know the Islamists were all sick, what disease is this?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> But seizure risk may increase in the second year of life with measles vaccines specifically. No long-term studies have been done on the effects of a live-virus measles vaccine. It Does Not Have To Be This WayWhen my father was a child, his sister died of measles. Health officials estimate about 9.6 million children were saved from dying of measles from 2000 to 2010 after big vaccination campaigns were rolled out more than a decade ago. The American Academy of Pediatrics says extensive reports from several leading researchers have found no "proven association" between autism and measles vaccines. <CN> In Italy, it is easier to die of measles because of those who do not want the vaccines, instead of dying from tropical diseases.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> But maybe there is something those of us in middle age can learn from our 20-year-old selves. So far, Mumin is the most significant of the Islamic State's recruits in Somalia. An increasing part of the population is arriving at age 20 already overweight, said Dr. Willett. It featured a bearded young man who appears to be Somali narrating the successes of Islamic State. And unfortunately, the weight-at-20 rule may not apply when the next generation reaches middle age. <CN> Regarding diseases, it is a fake news that those arriving in Italy bring new illnesses: every immigrant, as soon as arrives on the Italian territory, undergoes medical prophylaxis.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Critics of Islam and Muslims scoff at this romanticism, asserting that Muslims have not produced anything great since the Middle Ages and most likely will never again. Fifth-graders, for example, specialize in studying the Middle Ages in Islamic nations and in Africa and Europe. The nature of Islamic State's rule is clearly visible in Bartella. She added, ISIS wants to take its territory back to the Middle Ages. The fear in Saudi Arabia is of an Afghan-style "blowback" of returning jihadis. <CN> Muslims have no intention of returning to the Middle Ages: the integralists are a minority.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> His views of Islam should serve as a jolt to rest of humanity. The so called holy places of islam are really the holy places of the the religion of the times there. Its complete title is Congress of Leaders of World and Traditional Religions, which highlights a domestic agenda. Astana positions its so-called dialogue of civilizations and dialogue of religions as useful devices in this effort. The mother of Palestinian prisoner Bilal Diab holds a poster of her son, who is on a hunger strike. <CN> The hunger is already suffered by a considerable part of humanity, including diseases, so we have to worry about the existence, regardless of ethnic and religions.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> The 30,000 to 50,000 members of the Islamic State are Muslim. Islam never gives up what it conquers, be it religion, culture, language or life. Critics of Islam and Muslims scoff at this romanticism, asserting that Muslims have not produced anything great since the Middle Ages and most likely will never again. This nation is openly against Islam and Muslims. . . . The hero vs. villain dichotomy erases the millions of stories in the middle, implying that diversity within Islam is nonexistent. <CN> I invite you to inform yourself better and you will notice that Muslims are human beings like us. They will not bring us back to the Middle Ages, indeed they will enrich our culture.
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> Eating more than 10% of your calories from animal proteins in middle age could increase your risk of dying from diseases such as cancer and diabetes. See a story on the rising rates of STDs in middle age. A part of many complex and delicious adult beverages, alcohol is linked to a number of health benefits in medical studies. Being or becoming fit in middle age, the study found, even if you haven't previously bothered with exercise, appears to reshape the landscape of aging. <CN> Good evening, what diseases are you talking about? Can you send me the link of medical studies or analyses of the phenomenon that support your theory?
<HS> These Islamic will bring us back to the Middle Age. We will starve to death and die of diseases that disappeared. <knowl> More than 2.7 million people died, about 45 percent of them from heart disease or cancer. They are drawn from cases of statistically unexpected respiratory disease among young responders. Most of the study participants aged one biological year for each chronological year. Investments in your health in middle age will have payoffs in old age. Sticking with a Mediterranean diet throughout most of your life may pay off with a disease-free old age, according to researchers in Boston. <CN> What diseases in particular do you believe that they will transmit?
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> He is the vice chairman of the board of Physicians for Human Rights, not the vice chairwoman. These recommendations [in the report] are my interpretation of basic human rights principles. There was no mention at the exhibit of China's human rights abuses. For effective democratic oversight, a culture of respect for human rights and the rule of law should be promoted, in particular among security service officers. "We will definitely see many more human rights complaints," said De La Rosa Hickerson. <CN> In the bounds of the law, security and human rights, everyone is free to live their culture and their religion. No one is trying to impose on us Italians a lifestyle that is not ours.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> At the summit, the showpiece of Biden's yearlong "moonshot," the vice president said the world was "on the cusp of breakthroughs." You had students who were from all over the world, Missick said. PricesGetting more outsiders involved in the conversation will help change culture too. Those sets of goals and the progress we made against them really changed the culture of Dow, says Hawkins, who discussed Dow's effort at Fortune's Brainstorm Green conference this week. <CN> We live in an increasingly open and multicultural world. Everyone must make an effort to try to live together peacefully.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> Culture Buzz Is the poncho to protect the seat from her, or vice versa? Their titles: Director of Culture and Engagement, Vice President of Employee Engagement, and Minister of Culture. We are thrilled to partner with Good Culture, said John Haugen, vice president and general manager of 301 Inc, in a statement. We fool ourselves when we tell Muslims what real Islam is. We want to not just cover culture, but we want to create it. <CN> I do not understand from what you can say that Islams want to force us to adapt to their culture.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> The structure of our confession of faith simply reflects this principle. It affects the lives of people of great faith — or no faith at all. All of the good things that have happened have happened around the culture of my religion and the theology of my religion, Biden explained. It appears that the integration of Catholics into the fabric of American life has become reality. The news media have almost no understanding of faith and even less grasp of the pro-life movement. <CN> I do not think anyone must adapt to the culture of anyone. Rather, I think that everyone should have the right to live as they prefer and profess their faith freely, as long as they respect the life and religions of people.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> That's why we need to fight [against] the culture, not the Muslims. Radical religious groups give these culturally homeless Muslims a sense of certainty, purpose and structure. If Muslims have their own autonomous region, their self rule, education, language, and culture, what do Muslims want? To do this is to deny the cultural diversity that exists among the more than one billion Muslims around the world. The Minister of Educational Culture has been making a conscious effort to meet the educational needs and religious feeling of the Muslims. <CN> What makes you think that Muslims want us to adapt to their culture?
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> I am writing to support your efforts of peace between Muslims and Christians throughout the world. In particular, religious leaders seemed largely disconnected from the cultural environment in which many young Muslims grow up. The vast majority of peace-loving Muslims are not irrelevant - they must be enlisted to win this ideological struggle. The cause of peace and security is the cause of Allah. Islamic culture has given us majestic arches and soaring spires; timeless poetry and cherished music; elegant calligraphy and places of peaceful contemplation. <CN> I agree that Muslims should adapt to our environment. But we must also talk to them. Only like this we can create a relationship of coexistence and peace.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> Vice is more than three times that size and still growing rapidly. Instead of the old G.M. â a closed, inwardly focused culture that discouraged risk-taking â âthe behavior is completely different," he said. There is a real culture problem here that has to be dealt with. And that would be a cynical denial of the real perils we face. They say that if profits from the estates rise, she will get more money. <CN> But it is also true that the respect is given to all and is free!
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> Von Maltzahn categorises the articles in the centre's quarterly journal, Islamic Culture, published between 1985 and 2006. He was part of the whole evolution of Persian teaching in Syria, and of the real link between the two cultures. They are being promoted by Iran's Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance as Islamically permissible models, part of an effort to halt the spread of unconventional styles and promote Islamic culture. Von Maltzahn writes:At the beginning of the revolution, cultural cooperation started off well. The exhibition will move on to the Dallas Museum of Art in the spring. <CN> Personally I'd like to deepen the Islamic culture, as well as others with which we are and will increasingly be in contact. I think it would be helpful to be all less ignorant in the interests of peaceful coexistence.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> Discrimination and prejudice of any kind have no place in sports or in our society. Many forms of discrimination persist in the workplace, but a new study highlights a prejudice that most people wouldn't even think about: obesity bias. FOR YOU?"The higher participants rated their own physical attractiveness and the importance of physical appearance, the greater the prejudice and discrimination," said O'Brien. People unfortunate to be born into a family deemed DalitÂ have been battlingÂ prejudice andÂ discrimination which they face daily, within and outside their own communities. But whether Kim Kardashian has thought about it or not, racial bias and discrimination certainly created the cultural climate that allowed the family to rise to fame. <CN> Everyone can maintain their own culture, but you must also try to understand the others one without discrimination and prejudice based on ignorance.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> In recognizing Judeo-Christian traditions, Muslims nobly vie for and have the greatest incentive and stake in preserving the Holy Land for all three Abrahamic faiths. Every year Muslims contribute over £31 billion to the UK economy. Social challenges such as finding suitable marriage partners is pushing conversation on interfaith marriage, traditionally an option for Muslim men, but now seriously being discussed among American Muslim women. Local lawmaker Cristina Cappellini was among the town councilors urging Braggie to reinstate the Nativity scene as a symbol of our culture, of our traditions, of our Christian identity. Therefore, he continues, constitutional religious liberty guarantees might not apply to Muslims. <CN> Muslims can never adapt to our traditions if we do not introduce them through dialogue. In this way, we could also receive information about their traditions.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> This is imposing Western values and cultures on an Islamic society." It varies by culture how long before mutual gazers break eye contact. He did however have a fascination with Islamic culture which was common among Victorians. Von Maltzahn categorises the articles in the centre's quarterly journal, Islamic Culture, published between 1985 and 2006. "Asian cultures also are the least direct cultures in the world, said Meyer, author of The Culture Map. <CN> Coming in contact with the Islamic culture is a unique enrichment opportunity that we should take advantage of.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> The answer came in a bit of a return to Vice's roots. "They should leave Afghanistan rather than disrespecting our religion, our faith," Hakim said. Cooper then asked whether Trump believed the hatred was in the Islamic religion itself. "We just decided to try to strike a better balance and do more culture. She also disputed the allegations that the Islamic religion was taught for three weeks, telling the newspaper they spent three weeks talking about the geography, culture, economics and government surrounding the religion. <CN> Have you ever felt obligated to adapt to the Islamic religion?
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> The series, Dream Factory, is his take on how Western culture is filtered through Japanese culture. Dan Gainor is The Boone Pickens Fellow and the Media Research Center's Vice President for Business and Culture. Though accelerators offer their own culture, being part of a larger group can make it difficult to define your own company culture. Vice Magazine was founded with the idea of covering things that were a little counter-culture and weren't really getting any attention. For additional bias alerts click hereDan Gainor is the Boone Pickens Fellow and the Media Research Center's Vice President for Business and Culture. <CN> Why can't we try to live peacefully each one with their own culture?
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> Like Goldin, Armstrong also became enmeshed in the hard drug culture he portrayed. Tóibín tells BBC Culture about his first impression of Wilde's cell. And you've style-traveled through dozens of cultures both inside and outside Vietnam itself. But Tóibín argues that Wilde's most shocking revelation remains the supreme vice is shallowness. We understand, though, that this is part of their culture, and they have a right to express it. <CN> I do not see why one or the other have to adapt.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> Muslim millennials are growing up in a post-9/11 world and are asking questions about culture versus religion, being modern and Muslim. Now villagers say their Kalash culture and religion are threatened by forced conversions, robberies and assaults. If Muslims have their own autonomous region, their self rule, education, language, and culture, what do Muslims want? Abubeckr, who was in Italian class when he heard the news, thought to himself, It was a Muslim, wasn't it? The Minister of Educational Culture has been making a conscious effort to meet the educational needs and religious feeling of the Muslims. <CN> I personally have never met a Muslim who tried to evangelize me. Everyone is free to dress as they like and has the right to have a place to practice their religion. This does not question the freedom of us Italians to maintain our culture.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> We are thrilled to partner with Good Culture, said John Haugen, vice president and general manager of 301 Inc, in a statement. This mission statement isn't meant to excuse the potentially harmful impacts of embracing another culture without paying attention to the context from which art emerges. Well, maybe they don't practice the Muslim faith in the same way he does. Romney's riff on culture is a racist statement, said Saeb Erakat, a longtime Palestinian official. The course is designed to accompany the world literature text, which emphasizes culture in literature, the statement read. <CN> Hi, could you better explain your statement? In what context do you believe there has been an alleged adaptation of our culture to that of citizens who profess the Muslim faith?
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> Many atheists have long been barking at how our mainstream culture seems wrapped in religion, and most religious people have simply ignored the atheists. Or perhaps you may share the view thatreligion is separate from culture, in which case you would be justified to desire to stick up for Isalmic religion. As a young artist in New York, I thought about postwar Japan — the consumer culture, and the loose, deboned feeling prevalent in the character and animation culture. Mixing all those up in order to portray Japanese culture and society was my work. Think, for example, about the first Vice-President to occupy Biden's chair in the House. <CN> Hi, in Italy freedom of religion is a fundamental principle: no one has to adapt to a culture, but you must have the right to profess your faith in full freedom and respect for each other I think.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> "Free culture is not a 'let's not pay for it' culture," she said. Other Americans, who recognized the fist pound from hip-hop culture, rolled their collective eyes at the negative interpretation. The vice minister of culture, Song Sok-hwan, gave a speech calling the visit a big stride in cultural exchange. The largest support for mash-up culture comes from the Free Culture movement and organizations such as the Creative Commons. They thought they could leverage his fame to push their agenda. <CN> Why cannot we talk to each other? In this way, we introduce them to our culture and us to theirs. It seems like a good compromise.
<HS> Islamics must adapt to our culture and not vice versa. <knowl> [Helping refugees] is an essential part of our identity as Catholic Christians, and we will continue this life-saving tradition. The podcast is an offshoot of their popular website of the same name, where they discuss those occasionally thorny topics that arise in a multicultural world. The website features a carefully curated mix of pop culture, news, and personal narratives. We understand, though, that this is part of their culture, and they have a right to express it. The people of Stockport have bacon butties as part of their culture, and a right to eat them. <CN> It is not and cannot be only a matter of adaptation. A culture must be understood and this can only be done with good integration projects. All (Catholic Christians and Buddhists), have to adapt to today's multicultural world.
<HS> I would prefer the Martians than these fucking Muslims. <knowl> "Syria stands on the front line of the Islamic world against the Zionist regime ... It is using it as a fort to spread its aims in the heart of the Islamic world. The Islamic world must show due reaction to the Israeli aggression. "The Islamic world will not allow aggression against Syria," Jalili said. — but the movie itself evokes a much older vintage of popular culture. <CN> I invite you to learn more about the Islamic world, you will discover that Muslims are peaceful people and open to dialogue. Unfortunately, there are cases of extremism, but we can fight it using dialogue and cultural exchange.
<HS> I would prefer the Martians than these fucking Muslims. <knowl> After the U.S. government unsuccessfully attempts a nuclear attack on the mother ship , the Martians exact revenge by defacing world landmarks for amusement . Pam Grier as Louise Williams , Byron 's former wife . Annette Bening as Barbara Land , Art Land 's wife . Here's the official apology statement from Scripps: We apologize for the temporary inconvenience experienced when trying to upload and view a NASA clip early Monday morning. The find suggests that it would be possible for there to be life today on Mars, NASA's science mission chief, John Grunsfeld, said at a Washington news conference. <CN> In today's world we do not need more violence. Do you believe strongly in this statement? Why?
<HS> I would prefer the Martians than these fucking Muslims. <knowl> Please tell us: Does America have a different 'flavor' from that of other countries? [44%] in the incidence of harmful behaviors, such as threatening suicide or violence to others. PG-13 (thematic material including frightening sequences of threat with some violence, and brief language). Like many with this disease, though, he apparently has had no awareness of his own illness. Warner Digital also used practical effects , such as building scale models of Big Ben and other landmarks . <CN> I read in your words a total rejection of Muslims, but I do not understand why: the Muslims are men like many others in the world who believe in a monotheistic religion and practice it, that is far from being devoted to violence or abuse as some of the most violent minorities that maybe you are referring to.
<HS> I would prefer the Martians than these fucking Muslims. <knowl> You know for a fact that it's not a religion of peace. But it could become a religion of peace if we make some changes, and I'm proposing only five. The curators want to present us with a sci-fi mirror of ourselves. It's covered with human triumphs but also with sad stories of failure. Although he is credited with both the screen story and screenplay of Mars Attacks ! <CN> What is your problem with Muslims? They are people who profess a religion of peace.
<HS> I would prefer the Martians than these fucking Muslims. <knowl> Seen in the context of alien-encounter movies, it's shocking for a different reason. It's going to be different, a different culture, and I think that's good. One can't help wondering why the Martians have focused on such a small slice of human culture. It also would eliminate the potential risks of bringing home alien pathogens, said Ames Director Simon "Pete" Worden. A shadow of the alien ships falls on the plaque that Apollo XI left on the moon, announcing their approach. <CN> I read a lot of resentment in your comment. You would welcome more willingly an alien rather than a person exactly like you, but with a different culture?
<HS> I would prefer the Martians than these fucking Muslims. <knowl> Among Christian, Muslim or Jewish foxholes, ours give refuge to people of every faith or no faith. Others hold that regardless of their own religious views, neutrality and respect for equal rights should determine military policy and law. This is an acute problem for Jews, who are at great pains to maintain their own rules while respecting the law of the land. That's why in the rule we put forward, we specifically carved out from the policy religious organizations that primarily employ people of their own faith. Speaking to his own faith, Obama said he has sought God's guidance not just in my own life but in the life of our nation. <CN> Hi, what do you mean for Muslims? Do you really consider all on the same level or it wouldn't be better to differentiate between those who profess their faith while respecting the faith of the other and who does not follow the instructions of their own faith?
<HS> I would prefer the Martians than these fucking Muslims. <knowl> "Ninety percent of Muslims in the United States and North America are very conservative. Seen in the context of alien-encounter movies, it's shocking for a different reason. It's going to be different, a different culture, and I think that's good. And second, I agree that the Muslim Brotherhood would not be a good ruler of Egypt, but that point of view also seems to be shared by most Egyptians. Think of alien-encounter movies as Westerns told from the point of view of the Indians — or as imperialist-adventure movies told from the point of view of the natives. <CN> You aren't ready to try to understand a not very different culture as Muslim, but you would be willing to accept willingly a Martian. Interesting point of view.
<HS> I would prefer the Martians than these fucking Muslims. <knowl> Remember that those standing up to Muslim fanatics are mostly Muslims. American Muslim groups say their religion is peaceful and disavow the recent attacks. Ramadan is our opportunity as Muslims and non-Muslims to truly integrate with one another. Extremists who call themselves Muslims continue to terrorize people of all faiths across the globe. To me, Islam was a peaceful faith, no matter what a handful of violent extremists said. <CN> Hi, do you really think that we can generalize against all Muslims? Most of them profess their faith in a way that is peaceful and respects cultures and faiths of the other. Do they really deserve to be equated with those who claim to profess a faith and then not follow it?
<HS> I would prefer the Martians than these fucking Muslims. <knowl> Without so much as a raised eyebrow, the chap behind the desk obliged. According to Elshamy, as he and his friend sat in Starbucks, a woman directed derogatory, hateful slurs at them, saying, "Fucking Muslims, go back to where you fucking came from, you're so ugly." Instead, there were craters; the real Mars resembled Luna much more than it did Barsoom. Many people, including critics and curators, have as much problem with art as your average alien. so much?Because it's beautiful, it's tough, it's buried in our mythic, childhood memories. <CN> This statement seems to me inappropriate. Can you explain to me what is the source of so much hatred?
<HS> We want the borders of Europe closed! And the removal of Africanization and Islam !! They have no tolerance, and with the same tolerance they should be sent home! <knowl> Hundreds of thousands of people marched in Los Angeles and Chicago. But the culture of enlightened hospitality is exactly the same at all of them. It reminds us of the tolerance required to coexist in a culture of many cultures. BUDAPEST—Searing images of Hungarian riot police shooting water cannon at migrants from behind a razor-wire border fence have put Prime Minister Viktor Orban and his anti-migrant crackdown in the sights of critics in Europe and beyond. Apollo has a history of big bets on hospitality and leisure companies. <CN> Have you ever met an intolerant Muslim immigrant? Have you ever knew of migrants, and listened to their stories, before you send them back home? Are you sure of what will be the impact of closing the borders on your life? And on all the Italian people working in hospitality?
<HS> These animals. <knowl> People of many faiths have committed violent acts in the name of religion and issued threats over insults. Molestation and victims of such acts are not to be taken lightly; and for my comments I apologize -- from the bottom of my heart. Violence, some of it religiously-motivated, is a common denominator across time and place. In a number of countries where Islam is the prevailing religion, such insults are crimes. Where in the founding documnents is religion defined as being part of government, and which religion. <CN> Hi, I think that even in a delicate time like this it is important not to confuse those who commit acts of violence and the religion itself, which in its instructions does not permit such acts.
<HS> These animals. <knowl> MUSLIM MEN: Muslims prayed during the Islamic Congregation on the outskirts of Dhaka, Bangladesh, Sunday. In Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim nation, people prayed at Sunda Kelapa port in Jakarta Friday. To do this, the animal must have its blood drained from it, as Muslims are prohibited from consuming animal blood. This is done by slitting the animal's jugular while it is still alive as a Muslim recites Islamic verse. The tradition of rewarding bravery and loyalty lives on today with the PDSA Dickin Medal, an international prize for the animal world. <CN> In this world we are all men, no one is an animal. Muslims are people like us and should be treated as such.
<HS> These animals. <knowl> Hadley is known for his account of animal property rights theory . Hadley has considered the ethics of humans ' relationships with wild animals and environments beyond his property rights theory . An Introduction to Animals and Political Theory is a 2010 textbook by the British political theorist Alasdair Cochrane . The themes of this review were built upon in Garner 's 2013 book A Theory of Justice for Animals . He closes by arguing that this neglect is a problem for political theory , and that animals are owed justice . <CN> No one can be considered an animal. Can you explain to me, why do you support this theory?
<HS> These animals. <knowl> We must not be dictated to by people who prefer disease in all animals to killing some for the good of the rest. What might we be missing when we cut animals off in this way from political consideration? She says a number of ostensibly radical things about the horrors human beings commit against animals. The Kanye West track Theraflu will not win over the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. Sea World disagrees arguing the founding fathers' "We the people" does not cover orcas or other animals. <CN> I do not see animals, we are all human beings, some people behave very badly, but they remain human beings.
<HS> These animals. <knowl> MUSLIM MEN: Muslims prayed during the Islamic Congregation on the outskirts of Dhaka, Bangladesh, Sunday. "Armed men have announced that they intend to track down and kill all the city's Muslims," it said. India marks Republic Day on Jan. 26.MUSLIM MEN: Muslims prayed during the Islamic Congregation on the outskirts of Dhaka, Bangladesh, Sunday. The Muslims were defeated after the fall of their caliphate, Baghdadi wrote. Now to lump all the Muslims together, that's even more insulting. <CN> Why do you attribute this adjective to Muslims, who are men like us?
<HS> These animals. <knowl> Despite serving through the Meuse - Argonne Offensive , by mid - October the squadron was removed from the front with only 150 of its men remaining . The men pleaded guilty to one charge each of spotlighting the deer. The charge resulted in a British loss of 250 men and 300 horses . They led to the arrests of four men due to go on trial today. It is all about bragging rights for the men buying these animals, says Ali. <CN> I think that it is very offensive to compare men to animals.
<HS> These animals. <knowl> Yet millions of people keep them and consider them an integral part of the family. Taking care of close relatives now also makes sense from an evolutionary point of view. Susan is so upset that she stops reading, shifting the point of view back to her. "From the living animal point of view, we only have a certain morphology to go with. Yet valuing animal lives over human ones isn't just a fringe point of view, it seems. <CN> Personally I've always reputed them people just like you and me. If you want you can try to explain your point of view.
<HS> Muslims always lie and take advantage of everything. <knowl> According to Partisan sources , they moved southeast to the Neretva River and Mostar at the request of Italian officers . However , the Chetniks , in their pursuit of an ethnically pure Greater Serbia , adopted a policy of collaboration and cooperated " extensively and systematically " with Italian forces . Partisan sources reported 4 , 000 soldiers of the Italian 6th Army Corps and 5 , 000 Chetniks of the Trebinje , Nevesinje , and Romanija Corps as being involved . On 10 and 21 September , Chetnik vojvoda Ilija Trifunović - Birčanin met with Generale designato d ( acting General ) Mario Roatta , commander of the Italian Second Army . Three battalions of the 10th Herzegovinian Brigade intended to assemble near Prozor , but withdrew and escaped on 6 October before the arrival of the Italian - Chetnik forces . <CN> What elements do you have to say? Like 'Italians are all mobsters.'.
<HS> Muslims always lie and take advantage of everything. <knowl> YikesThe fresh accusations of fascist behavior are extraordinarily charged -- the term is often equated with Nazism. Berlin is a city dedicated to the condemnation of Nazism and the horrors of the Holocaust. "Today, I think that the threat of Islamism is perhaps greater than it is from Nazism. If we impose the category of fascism on nazism, we risk obscuring the importance of this antisemitic racism. In Marxist-Leninism's case, this utopia was the classless society of true communism, and for Nazism, it was the Thousand Year Reich. <CN> It remembers a bad racist propaganda towards those who did not adhere to Nazism.
<HS> Bombs on you, bad infamous people (enough is enough stinky) <knowl> But I felt angry at the violent responses of SOME Muslims. Many felt the media failed to give enough opportunity to Muslims to represent themselves. Generalizing about Muslims is as impossible as it would be to generalize about Quakers and Don Rumsfeld. Jos, a city of half a million people some 300 miles northeast of the nation's capital, sits on a sectarian fault line that has previously erupted into violent land disputes between Muslims and Christians, nomads and farmers. I would just stick him in general population in a New York prison .Why arent there more vocal antiterrorist muslim-lead movements/initiatives? <CN> Generalizing never brings anything good: the violent are just a fraction of all Muslims.
<HS> Bombs on you, bad infamous people (enough is enough stinky) <knowl> Scientists believe that people with early Parkinson's experience skin changes that produce a particular odor, the BBC reports. Unexploded bomblets scattered over broad areas can kill and maim people for years. This is a place where people are going to feel ramifications for a long time. UK-based war monitor the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least three lives had been lost. Many were killed by so-called barrel bombs dropped from helicopters, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said. <CN> The skin odor that I think you are referring to should not be a reason for discrimination, we are all human after all.
<HS> Bombs on you, bad infamous people (enough is enough stinky) <knowl> AnotherÂ 78 people were woundedÂ in the six bombings on Tuesday. Two people were killed elsewhere in Babil province in roadside bombings, police officials said. Then two more people who rushed to the rescue were killed by the second bomb, police said. Sixteen people were injured in the city of Balad when a roadside bomb went off near a fuel truck. In the oil-rich city of Basra, four people were killed and five wounded when a parked car bomb ripped through a market. <CN> If we throw bombs and commit violence it's impossible to reach a final and peaceful solution, only new conflicts will be generated.
<HS> Bombs on you, bad infamous people (enough is enough stinky) <knowl> These people are being ostracized from from affecting -- democratic freedoms. All were human beings with families, loved ones and political views. People are putting two and two together and accusing Egypt of complicity. Many such cases, we know, are the work of serial killers, ordinary evil human beings. "And then, because some people gathered in Tahrir Square [on 30 June], they put our votes in the rubbish bins." <CN> Your words are full of hatred and violence, don't you think it is dangerous for human beings to keep putting us against each other for some contrasting positions when there would be a thousand reasons to live in brotherhood?
<HS> Bombs on you, bad infamous people (enough is enough stinky) <knowl> July 26: At least 16 small bombs explode in Ahmedabad, killing 45 people. Oct. 30: At least 83 people are killed in 11 serial blasts in Assam. The bombs killed at least three people, including a 13-year-old boy, sources said. At least eight more people were wounded in three separate blasts in Baghdad, the officials said. March 7, 2006: At least 15 people are killed in three blasts in the northerly Hindu pilgrimage city of Varanasi. <CN> Perhaps to wish death at people is not the right approach to use.
<HS> Bombs on you, bad infamous people (enough is enough stinky) <knowl> I saw some smoke and I knew there was something bad happening," he tells PEOPLE. Americans stand united with the people of Turkey against this campaign of hatred and violence." â Hillary pic.twitter.com/QmSccJvcV0Hillary Clinton, the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee, said that "all Americans stand united with the people of Turkey against this campaign of hatred and violence. so I have a motivation, a racial motivation and racial hatred". We are here to talk to people; to start a dialogue. <CN> It would be better to listen less to hatred and more to rationality.
<HS> Bombs on you, bad infamous people (enough is enough stinky) <knowl> Police arrested more than 90 people after violence spread to the further districts on Sunday night. The violence occurred hours after at least 22 officers were injured amid similar attacks elsewhere in Belfast. Rather this historical comparison of cell-based and individual anarchist violence indicates what ISIL-inspired violence represents for the 21st century. So what does the current round of violence mean for the future of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict following the recent round of violence? More violence was reported Saturday in Samarra, where insurgents last February set off bombs at a sacred Shiite mosque, igniting a wave of sectarian violence. <CN> History has taught us that violence brings nothing but more violence, why do we have to make a similar action?
<HS> Bombs on you, bad infamous people (enough is enough stinky) <knowl> The status quo in the Middle East is bad enough, and should make us all reflect on our approaches. This peace - time testing of the bomb was far more extensive than could be carried out prior to its wartime deployment . It is harder to pinpoint the exact number of people killed by barrel bombs, but rebel activists say it is in the thousands. ″ N 8 ° 30 ′ 15 ″ E ) with Disney bombs . Three people were killed in the Boston marathon bombings: 8-year-old Martin Richard, Krystle Campbell, 29, and Lingzi Lu, a graduate student at Boston University. <CN> Why instead of bombs it's not possible to establish a peaceful dialogue and seek coexistence?
<HS> Bombs on you, bad infamous people (enough is enough stinky) <knowl> Many of us are here thanks, in no small part, to Shwan and his bravery, the official wrote. That was part of a surge of violence that left at least 46 people dead inside and outside the capital. The surge of violence in Iraq continued Monday when 15 car bombs killed at least 50 people and injured more than 100, according to security officials. The province suffered decades of violence known locally as the Troubles, in which over 3,500 people were killed before a 1998 peace accord known as the Good Friday Agreement. In western Baghdad in the neighborhood of Shurta, two other people were killed and 14 wounded. <CN> I perceive from your words a profound sense of rejection of these people that are nothing but people like us who profess a monotheistic religion devoted to love and brotherhood. The violence is just a small part.
<HS> Bombs on you, bad infamous people (enough is enough stinky) <knowl> AnotherÂ 78 people were woundedÂ in the six bombings on Tuesday. [Sudan Peoples Liberation Army-North] controlled town of Kauda in Southern Kordofan. If the streets had been crowded, there would have been bad injuries. The bombs killed at least 52 people and wounded three times as many. July 26: At least 16 small bombs explode in Ahmedabad, killing 45 people. <CN> Hi, do you really believe that the solution to the problem is to bomb other people?
<HS> I wish all of them would die. <knowl> The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends. . . . A handful of communities with large Muslim populations have sought to adopt Sharia law, a fundamentalist doctrine that would offend most Americans, including many Muslims. "Nevertheless, none of that mattered, and similar to today, too many want to paint all Muslims, including American Muslims, with a broad brush. They should be upset that there are people who claim to be Muslims program blowing up. Well and it would be different too if the pictures were not of the actual terrorists that people. <CN> I do not think you have to generalize the fact of extremism to the entire Islamic population. Is a mistake that many people make. Not all Muslims are terrorists. You have to talk to them, not to kill them.
<HS> I wish all of them would die. <knowl> "He doesn't care about Andrew, he's a horrible man and a terrible father. Now I'm talking to anyone who has been dumped — not gotten the job you really wanted or received those horrible rejection letters from grad school, Abramson said Wake Forest grads. In 1974 , the student population of the institution went up to , the highest in the school ' s history , with 48 classes in the high school section and 24 classes at the primary school section . And some of you -- and now I'm talking to anyone who's been dumped, not gotten the job you really wanted, or received those horrible rejection letters from grad school -- you know the sting of losing or not getting something you badly want. As student enrollment started to decline , the institution went co - educational in 1984 with the enrollment of male students , and was renamed " Nan Chiau High School " In the 1990s , the declining student population became more significant and the institution was on the verge of permanent closure . <CN> You cannot think that the entire Muslim population dies. Why would you do something so horrible?
<HS> I wish all of them would die. <knowl> { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "3253", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Beyonce Knowles", "key" : "Beyonce_Knowles" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2134669", "weight" : "94", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354954,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-27T15:47Z", "headline" : "BeyoncÃ© and Jay-Z Not Expecting a Baby", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "Despite rumors, a source close to the singer says she is not pregnant", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2125036", "weight" : "70", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/03/17/paula.abdul.star.search/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-03-18T12:47Z", "headline" : "10 celebs who got famous after 'Star Search'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Perhaps we don't give Paula Abdul enough credit. { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "12096", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Ellen Degeneres", "key" : "Ellen_Degeneres" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2137377", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20355576,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-30T14:50Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Comic Book to Benefit Humane Society", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The new illustrated biography touches on the comedian's love of animals", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2131881", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354165,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-24T19:28Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Gets Under Gerard Butler's Kilt", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The talk-show host wonders if Scottish star prefers to go commando", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2104872", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/02/26/ellen.degeneres.american.idol/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-02-26T15:35Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres' 'Idol' performance draws mixed reviews", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even before Ellen DeGeneres took her seat on \"American Idol,\" the roar began. { "threshold" : "26", "tag" : { "id" : "11365", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Alec Baldwin", "key" : "Alec_Baldwin" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2133772", "weight" : "33", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354813,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-26T15:29Z", "headline" : "Ask Tina Fey a Question!", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "On 30 Rock she spars (lovingly) with Alec Baldwin, and in her new comedy Date Night Tina Fey teams up with Steve Carell as part of a couple who try to spice up their marriage - with disastrous results. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "7019", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Donald H. Rumsfeld", "key" : "Donald_H_Rumsfeld" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "1407570", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2008/US/09/11/911.day/index.html#cnnSTCText", "publishDate" : "2008-09-12T02:49Z", "headline" : "Nation remembers 9/11 victims, heroes", "wool" : "", "tease" : "With moments of silence punctuated by somber music, readings of names, and tears, Americans held solemn memorial services Thursday to honor the victims of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "6412", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Shaquille O'Neal", "key" : "Shaquille_O_Neal" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2146938", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/04/02/shaunie.oneal.basketball.wives/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-04-08T16:28Z", "headline" : "Shaunie O'Neal on the lives of 'Basketball Wives'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even though she knows what it's like to be married to a superstar athlete, Shaunie O'Neal is so over the Tiger Woods drama. <CN> Could you please explain your theory on this subject? How can you make such an act?
<HS> I wish all of them would die. <knowl> { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "3253", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Beyonce Knowles", "key" : "Beyonce_Knowles" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2134669", "weight" : "94", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354954,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-27T15:47Z", "headline" : "BeyoncÃ© and Jay-Z Not Expecting a Baby", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "Despite rumors, a source close to the singer says she is not pregnant", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2125036", "weight" : "70", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/03/17/paula.abdul.star.search/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-03-18T12:47Z", "headline" : "10 celebs who got famous after 'Star Search'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Perhaps we don't give Paula Abdul enough credit. { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "12096", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Ellen Degeneres", "key" : "Ellen_Degeneres" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2137377", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20355576,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-30T14:50Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Comic Book to Benefit Humane Society", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The new illustrated biography touches on the comedian's love of animals", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2131881", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354165,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-24T19:28Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Gets Under Gerard Butler's Kilt", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The talk-show host wonders if Scottish star prefers to go commando", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2104872", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/02/26/ellen.degeneres.american.idol/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-02-26T15:35Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres' 'Idol' performance draws mixed reviews", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even before Ellen DeGeneres took her seat on \"American Idol,\" the roar began. { "threshold" : "26", "tag" : { "id" : "11365", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Alec Baldwin", "key" : "Alec_Baldwin" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2133772", "weight" : "33", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354813,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-26T15:29Z", "headline" : "Ask Tina Fey a Question!", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "On 30 Rock she spars (lovingly) with Alec Baldwin, and in her new comedy Date Night Tina Fey teams up with Steve Carell as part of a couple who try to spice up their marriage - with disastrous results. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "6412", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Shaquille O'Neal", "key" : "Shaquille_O_Neal" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2146938", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/04/02/shaunie.oneal.basketball.wives/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-04-08T16:28Z", "headline" : "Shaunie O'Neal on the lives of 'Basketball Wives'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even though she knows what it's like to be married to a superstar athlete, Shaunie O'Neal is so over the Tiger Woods drama. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "3708", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Condoleezza Rice", "key" : "Condoleezza_Rice" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "1933619", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "fort", "site-url" : "http://money.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "Fortune", "siteId" : "/2009/09/21/news/economy/condoleezza_rice_gop.fortune/index.htm", "publishDate" : "2009-09-23T15:42Z", "headline" : "Condi: The should-be face of the GOP", "wool" : "Fortune: ", "tease" : "Successful candidates follow a simple fundamental rule: Define yourself before your opponent can define you. <CN> For all who are you referring to? Your statement is very general.
<HS> I wish all of them would die. <knowl> { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "3253", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Beyonce Knowles", "key" : "Beyonce_Knowles" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2134669", "weight" : "94", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354954,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-27T15:47Z", "headline" : "BeyoncÃ© and Jay-Z Not Expecting a Baby", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "Despite rumors, a source close to the singer says she is not pregnant", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2125036", "weight" : "70", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/03/17/paula.abdul.star.search/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-03-18T12:47Z", "headline" : "10 celebs who got famous after 'Star Search'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Perhaps we don't give Paula Abdul enough credit. { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "12096", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Ellen Degeneres", "key" : "Ellen_Degeneres" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2137377", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20355576,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-30T14:50Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Comic Book to Benefit Humane Society", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The new illustrated biography touches on the comedian's love of animals", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2131881", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354165,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-24T19:28Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Gets Under Gerard Butler's Kilt", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The talk-show host wonders if Scottish star prefers to go commando", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2104872", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/02/26/ellen.degeneres.american.idol/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-02-26T15:35Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres' 'Idol' performance draws mixed reviews", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even before Ellen DeGeneres took her seat on \"American Idol,\" the roar began. { "threshold" : "26", "tag" : { "id" : "11365", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Alec Baldwin", "key" : "Alec_Baldwin" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2133772", "weight" : "33", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354813,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-26T15:29Z", "headline" : "Ask Tina Fey a Question!", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "On 30 Rock she spars (lovingly) with Alec Baldwin, and in her new comedy Date Night Tina Fey teams up with Steve Carell as part of a couple who try to spice up their marriage - with disastrous results. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "7019", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Donald H. Rumsfeld", "key" : "Donald_H_Rumsfeld" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "1407570", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2008/US/09/11/911.day/index.html#cnnSTCText", "publishDate" : "2008-09-12T02:49Z", "headline" : "Nation remembers 9/11 victims, heroes", "wool" : "", "tease" : "With moments of silence punctuated by somber music, readings of names, and tears, Americans held solemn memorial services Thursday to honor the victims of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "6412", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Shaquille O'Neal", "key" : "Shaquille_O_Neal" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2146938", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/04/02/shaunie.oneal.basketball.wives/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-04-08T16:28Z", "headline" : "Shaunie O'Neal on the lives of 'Basketball Wives'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even though she knows what it's like to be married to a superstar athlete, Shaunie O'Neal is so over the Tiger Woods drama. <CN> Why is it not possible to find a way that leads to tolerance? Is it necessary to make such an act on those who you do not know?
<HS> Watch out historical recurrences, this time blast-furnace will light! <knowl> But the real culprits, they, say, will probably never be known. And those are just some of the low (er ... high)lights. "By Friday morning, the assassination theory was replaced by other scenarios. His appeal is unlikely to succeed, but it will delay his extradition. There is no guarantee possible that such an attack will not happen again. <CN> I do not understand your theory, why would it be necessary to make such an atrocity?
<HS> Watch out historical recurrences, this time blast-furnace will light! <knowl> A little background about our origins as a company will help. Creating in a bipartisan manner a legislative package that covers many subjects will be difficult. The vast majority of buyers will throw up their hands and perform no math at all. The result is a kind of willful ignorance that fails to understand much that is important. He continued, This is the only way we will win as a nation, as a world. <CN> Your answer seems dictated more by hatred than by rationality.
<HS> Watch out historical recurrences, this time blast-furnace will light! <knowl> HUSBAND'S SKULL EMBEDDED WITH MEAT CLEAVER - WARNING GRAPHICThe evidence will show without question that the defendant was unjustified, Soberal argued in her opening statement. They were healed within a couple of days, he said, adding that the prosecution will not be able to prove that the use of force by my client was unjustified. Every day do one thing no one else is willing to do. Dragon stumbled when I read Franklin Roosevelt's famous line: "the only thing we have to fear is fear itself — nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance. The Health and Human Services secretary wrote that some insurers have been attributing part of their 2011 premium increases to ObamaCare and warned that "there will be zero tolerance for this type of misinformation and unjustified rate increases. <CN> I notice great fear in your words, but I think it is unjustified.
<HS> Watch out historical recurrences, this time blast-furnace will light! <knowl> Yet you (and hundreds of other job seekers) continue to make common job search mistakes. The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. And by studying history, we might learn how to avoid the mistakes of reparations claims of the past. A willful action that is not an honest mistake but a deliberate action that reflects lax ethics or moral values. Yet job seekers have committed these interview gaffes and worse, according to CareerBuilder.com's annual survey of the worst interview mistakes. <CN> History is a bad teacher. Our job is not to repeat the mistakes that have been made previously. So why must we still perform these atrocities?
<HS> Watch out historical recurrences, this time blast-furnace will light! <knowl> A lot of anger and a lot of hatred between those two. Right now there's a whole lot of anger, a whole lot of tears. There's a lot of anger on Cuomo's silence on the national immigration crisis. My criticism of President Obama was that he perpetuated that double standard through his comments. <CN> Hi, I read a lot of anger in this comment, could you explain it better to me?
<HS> Watch out historical recurrences, this time blast-furnace will light! <knowl> Sweden will therefore recognize the state of Palestine, he said, because a solution requires mutual recognition and a will to peaceful coexistence. Perhaps her dorm room could become yet another place of interreligious coexistence. Others, though, see the changed city as a vibrant example of coexistence. Only a small number of moderates have accepted genuine and permanent coexistence. It's a mixture of cultures, said Efrat Ogani, who owns Mosaics. <CN> The coexistence and knowledge of Islamic culture can only enrich us and make us less ignorant, not leading to a historical recurrence.
<HS> Watch out historical recurrences, this time blast-furnace will light! <knowl> All popes must be diplomats, since Catholics exist in many different cultures and nations. "It is possible to live together with our different paths, different cultures, different religions. "You, we, all of us together, of different religions, different cultures, but children of the same Father, brothers — and there, those poor people, who buy weapons to wreck fraternity," Francis said Thursday. Mood was in Damascus when huge twin blasts killed more than 50 people outside a military intelligence complex in the Syrian capital last week. This is a place where we cry ... for the powerlessness we feel when we see injustice, the inability to solve our differences, to dialogue," Francis said during the service. <CN> There is a solution to violence, that is the dialogue. We must try to communicate with people who have different cultures, not isolate ourselves.
<HS> Watch out historical recurrences, this time blast-furnace will light! <knowl> Will we choose liberty and brotherhood, or will we choose hate. I hope and I am confident that we will choose brotherhood. So I will hold on to my religion, and that's it. The only reforms that will happen in Egypt will be those imposed by the Muslim Brotherhood. In a few decades, Islam will be the majority religion in America and will be in the courthouses and schools. <CN> Hi, do you really believe that a peaceful community, whose religion is based on love and brotherhood will lead to a historic recurrence?
<HS> Watch out historical recurrences, this time blast-furnace will light! <knowl> The hater always suffers more than the object of his hatred. Runners up will also receive gift certificates of $250.00 and $100.00. This was not merely a mass shooting, not merely a matter of gun violence. and then you get hit with a shovel of (hatred)," she said at the time. To report spam or abuse, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box. <CN> It seems to me there is a lot of violence in your comment, can you do me the courtesy to explain the source of your hatred?
<HS> Die islamic! <knowl> People in different traditions, with different ideological commitments, define religious freedom differently. The prejudices that underlie those fears are not neutralized by hiring Don Cheadle. "We have to keep fighting the prejudices and stereotypes that underlie these acts. It may be we thought ourselves impervious to pathologies and prejudices from home or abroad. Education arms us against internal ignorance, and compassion compels us to engage in external collaboration. <CN> Ignorance leads to violence, you cannot attack anybody, not really knowing its traditions. If we allow ourselves to be guided by prejudices, we will always be wrong.
<HS> Die islamic! <knowl> We love God, we love our prophet, but we also love the French Republic," said Amar Lasfar, UOIF head. They also instructed students that Islam is a peaceful religion and they treated conquered nations with kindness and respect. Coffey said if he were to hear Walker talking about Islam being a peaceful religion, it would give him pause. And then publicly before the news cameras before the -- times are on television they claim they're against terrorism they claim -- for peace and -- and for love. Today we discovered what happens when a Brotherhood president holds power. <CN> A person who believes in a peaceful religion based on love, brotherhood and dedication to God in your opinion deserves to die for it?
<HS> Die islamic! <knowl> Hatred against Muslims - and demands for collective punishment - will grow. What other purpose can they have but to incite hatred against Muslims? Authorities said a possible motive for the shooting is Frein's deep hatred of police. PARIS (AP)  Brigitte Bardot is back on trial in France, facing charges of fanning discrimination and racial hatred against Muslims. According to authorities, Rodger was driven by a deep hatred for humanity, in particular for women who had rejected him. <CN> Could you tell me where does this deep hatred against Muslims come from ?
<HS> Die islamic! <knowl> Their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity, Judaism and the ancient monotheistic religion of Zoroastrianism. Instead, the class included disparaging remarks about Christianity and the Pope. The Islamic faith is being accommodated while the Christian faith is being marginalized. Partly because of allergies about religion, the international response has been utterly ineffective. <CN> I suggest you to do a research about Islam. You will notice that it is a religion that has a lot in common with ours. It is monotheistic and has many prophets who also belong to Christianity.
<HS> Die islamic! <knowl> Their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity, Judaism and the ancient monotheistic religion of Zoroastrianism. The funerary tower is part of the ancient burial practice of Zoroastrianism, the world's oldest monotheistic religion. The note - printed on an A4 piece of paper - included symbols associated with the Islamic religion and an Islamic greeting. Muslims believe the Prophet Mohammed was the last prophet of God. <CN> Today is widespread hostility against the Islamic religion, your words are the proof. In fact the Islamists are nothing more than people who follow and believe in a monotheistic religion that has at its base the love of God and the brotherhood, nothing less than the Christian religion.
<HS> Die islamic! <knowl> Police arrested nine suspects related to the probe Friday throughout Italy. "The citizens of Italy need an answer to this economic crisis. Timothy Egan on American politics and life, as seen from the West. The German far right is insisting on closing the country's borders. She said her impressively long life was due to never getting married. <CN> Why should a person like all of us die? A man has the right to life, and Italy is a free country.
<HS> Die islamic! <knowl> Human life is sacred and killing one innocent person is like triggering genocide, the message said. Ordinary citizens have also increasingly taken up arms to protect themselves. He also especially enjoys doing street photography - portraying citizens and ordinary life. Ordinary Iraqis had turned against the group, and U.S. and Iraqi government forces devastated its ranks. Bin Laden is said to personally control about $300 million of his familys $5 billion fortune. <CN> Do you really think that an ordinary and innocent person like us should suffer violence? Why?
<HS> Die islamic! <knowl> Our leaders are telling you that Islam is a peaceful religion full of tolerance and love and hope. They've all said quite clearly that the battle is against Islamic extremism. Why wouldn't you use the phrase right there, that we are gonna take on Islamic extremism. Today Libya is a failed state that imports and exports Islamic extremism, and no one accepts responsibility for protecting the nation's remnants. it's not just Islamic violent extremism that we want to counter there. <CN> Hi, maybe you should inquire about the fact that Islam has nothing to do with isis which is fanaticism and extremism. So I see no reason to wish death to a person whose only 'crime' is to believe in a peaceful religion.
<HS> And war it is.You don't pass over here troglodytes. <knowl> Statistics tell us that of the 500,000 people who arrived, those who are granted political asylum are more or less 10 percent. Others who arrive in the country without legal papers can apply for political asylum; in that case, a judge decides on the merits of their claims. Reports have suggested that the runner may seek political asylum in the United States. However, Snowden has not received political asylum, which would allow him to stay indefinitely. Once in Europe, refugees can apply for political asylum or another protected status, sometimes temporary. <CN> Why shouldn't we welcome people fleeing from suffering? Italy is a free country and is a right of every man to get political asylum.
<HS> And war it is.You don't pass over here troglodytes. <knowl> "Praying for the intention of peace is something that can only help fraternity and, God willing, avoid more war," he told Reuters. "Violence and war lead only to death, they speak of death! Today the Arab world continues to suffer from a lack of cohesion. As the war ground on, talk emerged of contact between both sides. "Without peace, there can be no form of economic development," he wrote. <CN> There is an alternative to war, that is dialogue. If you do not learn to dialogue you can never achieve peace and cohesion.
<HS> And war it is.You don't pass over here troglodytes. <knowl> So maybe a Syrian dialogue may not be a bad idea. And dialogue, when done properly, does have an impressive track record. "There is no substantive negotiations or substantive dialogue with the armed opposition. It would be the countries' first formal dialogue in more than two years. Dialogue is typically a tool for conflict resolution, but ISIS is beyond dialogue. <CN> Why should we make a war when we could be open for dialogue?
<HS> And war it is.You don't pass over here troglodytes. <knowl> She is now one of the most powerful human beings on the planet. Concretely, the irreducible humanity of other human beings is found in the face. Also to internalize this kind of stuff is destructive to a human being. The standard example of a syllogism is as follows:All human beings are mortal. When large populations of human beings collude with repressive regimes it need not be from thoughtlessness or inertia. <CN> Your position is clearly the result of insecurity against these people who have nothing less of us. They are human beings with a different religion and habits, but nothing less than us. We are all human beings!
<HS> And war it is.You don't pass over here troglodytes. <knowl> As criticism of his comments mounted, he released a further tweet. AdWeek reported that some of the comments made reference to Nazis, troglodytes and racial genocide. Known as the trogloditas (troglodytes), locals have been living in these caves for hundreds of years. You are truly a POS [piece of shit].Former Destiny's Child member Michelle Williams called Trump's comment an absolute disgrace. The researchers conducted their study in the Tasmanian cave spider (Hickmania troglodytes), a spindly beast with a leg span of up to 7 inches. <CN> It seems to me there is a lot of hate in your comment, where did it come from?
<HS> And war it is.You don't pass over here troglodytes. <knowl> The very word 'zero' is a derivative of the Arabic 'sifr' or 'cipher'. Muhammad bin Moosaa Al-Khawaarizmi is considered to be one of the founders of Algebra. But beyond the cloistered laboratories, chimpanzees and their behaviors remained, well, the stuff of troglodytes. AdWeek reported that some of the comments made reference to Nazis, troglodytes and racial genocide. Known as the trogloditas (troglodytes), locals have been living in these caves for hundreds of years. <CN> I would not call them troglodytes. Think that Arabs are the founders of algebra, chemistry and modern medicine.
<HS> And war it is.You don't pass over here troglodytes. <knowl> I see children, smiling and playful despite the chaos of war. This is the worst crisis of forced displacement since World War II. During Krynn 's various wars , armies of draconians are used as troops . "Ivan's War" combines, quite effectively, painstaking historical reconstruction and sympathetic projection. The war broke out a month later, leading to the creation of Bangladesh. <CN> The war has brought nothing but despair, so why do you say this?
<HS> And war it is.You don't pass over here troglodytes. <knowl> Western clothing was common for both men and women in Kabul. The Americans, five men and five women, were also charged with criminal misconduct. They are different stories, told by men and women whose journeys may seem separate. Afghan society has always been conservative, with men and women playing strictly defined roles. It is one thing to advocate complementary between men and women as a general matter. <CN> Are you saying that you want to fight against women, children and men who are fleeing their country, leaving everything they have in the hope of a better life?
<HS> And war it is.You don't pass over here troglodytes. <knowl> Flamenco is still a very important part of our culture here, like it is in many parts of Andalucía. There, they heard the Pope pay tribute to the way in which the two new saints experienced the love of God. In general, most voters -- 65 percent -- think Islam is a peaceful religion and that a small number of Muslim individuals are responsible for violence. Cooper then asked whether Trump believed the hatred was in the Islamic religion itself. Part of her success sprang from the fact that she wasn't a trained scientist. <CN> No religion was born for war. Violence is just a small tiny part that has nothing to do with the Islamic religion like Christianity is a monotheistic religion that is based on the love of God and the brotherhood.
<HS> Islamics always lie and take advantage of everything. <knowl> This evolutionary approach is probably one of the most compelling advantages of the virtualization journey. In my first article I introduced the concept of the virtualization journey. Abstraction-the first main advantage of virtualization-is the foundation of cloud computing. The new lane of the customer journey begins with a purchase need that's self-identified. Such a transformation can just as well be accomplished in the absence of an outward journey. <CN> It burns you up, some business went sideways on a journey or had you studied at the 'Bar Sport'?
<HS> The beasts. <knowl> "Inspired by Warner Bros. proposal, Rowling pitched her own idea for how Fantastic Beasts should look. Oprah Winfrey's Super Soul Sunday program on OWN focused on the hit summer indie film Beasts of the Southern Wild because Barack Obama recommended the movie to her. JK Rowling is to write the film adaptation of Fantastic Beasts. The Fantastic Beasts screenplay, Ms. Berger said, should deliver strong, sustained sales. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them hits theaters on Nov. 18. <CN> The beasts are able to accommodate their own kind in their communities, if you were at least bestial, you probably would have a greater ability to live together.
<HS> The beasts. <knowl> Vortigern agrees and sends the wise men off to find such a child. Men approaching these pockets with torches would have been met with fiery blasts. One insults the other as a bastard who has no father, and the wise men drag him back to Vortigern. Vortigern tests the boy's theory out, and sure enough, as his men dig deeper, they discover the dragons' "panting" flames. X-Men comic books — doesn't seem to exist in the CW incarnation at all, robbing the reboot of one of the main settings of the original. <CN> No one can be considered a beast, we are all equal and we are men.
<HS> The beasts. <knowl> People of many faiths have committed violent acts in the name of religion and issued threats over insults. Molestation and victims of such acts are not to be taken lightly; and for my comments I apologize -- from the bottom of my heart. Violence, some of it religiously-motivated, is a common denominator across time and place. In a number of countries where Islam is the prevailing religion, such insults are crimes. We may have destabilized this area of the world by our actions, but it is the people who carry out these terrible acts of violence who are to blame. <CN> Hi, I think that even in such a sensitive time it is important not to confuse terrible acts of violence with religion itself, which does not provide in any of its provisions such acts.
<HS> The beasts. <knowl> Animal Kingdom gets you so up-close-and-personal with the animals that you never want to leave. Throughout history big jewellery houses have sought inspiration from the animal kingdom. Scientists are discovering new things about sexuality and the animal kingdom every day. Actually, this baboon might take the prize for sleepiest in the animal kingdom. Among the supporters of this unusual animal kingdom is Dr. Richard Goldstein, the chief medical officer at New York's Animal Medical Center, which treats sick animals of all species from around the world. <CN> Surely we are all part of the animal kingdom, and like all animals, we get sick, in body, mind, and we make deplorable actions.
<HS> The beasts. <knowl> JK Rowling is to write the film adaptation of Fantastic Beasts. The Fantastic Beasts screenplay, Ms. Berger said, should deliver strong, sustained sales. In Fantastic Beasts, everyone is desperately looking for Scamander's escaped creatures. When nominations come around, this is where Beasts may be the most compromised. The Times critic Manohla Dargis reviews Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. <CN> Are you comparing men to the beasts only because they have a different culture from you?
<HS> The beasts. <knowl> Though I'm still betting against Tom Bombadil getting his own big-screen outing any time soon. But wizarding history's most famous "magizoologist" will presumably have to come up against human enemies, too. However, the first trailer does mention Dumbledore, who argued against Scamander's expulsion for endangering human life with a beast. As real as E.T. or Captain Hook or the spaceship that arrives, against all odds, at the end of Close Encounters. However, she also angered some after Johnny Depp was cast in the sequel to the film, and some took to Twitter to slam the author. <CN> I notice deep anger against Muslims. Where does it come from?
<HS> The beasts. <knowl> Muslims must not be blamed for a group of criminals and psychopaths. "Arabs, Europeans, Muslims, non-Muslims, we are together, in the same boat," she said. When it's over, you feel like you've already watched an entire movie — but that's where the core of Beasts really begins. The Interior Ministry of the oil-rich kingdom is calling on non-Muslims to "show consideration for feelings of Muslims" and "preserve the sacred Islamic rituals. He said many mosques are engaged in internal struggles between Muslims with rigid and modernist views, but he found none that fit the imaginings of anti-Muslim conspiracy theorists. <CN> Why do you consider Muslims like beasts? Did they do something wrong? If you take into consideration the crimes committed by Muslims, why do you distinguish the Muslim criminals from the non-Muslim? They are all criminals and all of them are punished.
<HS> The beasts. <knowl> And it can define the most innocuous things like gossip, or the most heinous, 'crimes against humanity." The decision continues the trend of the court in deciding that juveniles convicted of even the most heinous crimes must be treated differently than adults. It will mean that even obviously guilty people, including those convicted of the most heinous crimes, won't die at the hands of the state. "The defendant committed one of the most heinous crimes you can conceive of committing," Assistant U.S. Attorney Shreve Ariail told Federal Judge Nicholas Garaufis. The families of the victims in these three cases have waited a combined 48 years for the sentences of these heinous crimes to be carried out. <CN> Hi, it seems fundamental to me to differentiate between those who commit heinous crimes in the name of an alleged religious faith and those who profess their faith in a peaceful manner and respectful of other cultures, which happens in most cases.
<HS> The last bastion that we will have, will be the atomic bomb. <knowl> Three days later, a second atomic bomb was dropped on Nagasaki. Hiroshima after the dropping of the atom bomb in August 1945. "Without the atomic bombings, Japan would have continued fighting by inertia. Three days after Hiroshima, a second atomic bomb was dropped on Nagasaki. The atomic bomb uses uranium as the essential ore in its production. <CN> Why recur to the atomic bomb when you can coexist? We do not have to immediately attack the ones that we do not know, instead, we should try to understand them and in the process try to assimilate new knowledge.
<HS> The last bastion that we will have, will be the atomic bomb. <knowl> "Last year, Motherboard visited Coster-Mullen to talk with him about his life project: reverse engineering the atomic bombs America dropped on Japan. There was no leaflet specifically warning of an atomic attack . Tularosa "downwinders" have been largely ignored for the last 70 years. Three days later, a second atomic bomb was dropped on Nagasaki. However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports. <CN> Certainly terrorism is a phenomenon that can and should worry, but it is kept under control and it is very unlikely that we will come to these levels.
<HS> The last bastion that we will have, will be the atomic bomb. <knowl> Implying that these terrorists speak for Islam aids their propaganda, Mr. Obama said. Do you honestly believe that all Muslims are terrorists or support terrorism against non-Muslims? Implicit in their arguments is that Christian refugees are not terrorist threats, while Muslim refugees are. "There are no Christian terrorists wandering around the world trying to take out peace-loving Muslims. The FBI investigates hate crimes against Muslims, but it continues to target the religiously observant among them as potential terrorists. <CN> Not all Muslims are potential terrorists, Islam and democracy can get along very well.
<HS> The last bastion that we will have, will be the atomic bomb. <knowl> Hiroshima after the dropping of the atom bomb in August 1945. Second, release of the virus would be far worse than an atomic bomb. Postwar political considerations did affect the choice of targets for the atomic bombs. "The secret of the atomic bomb," he says, "is how easy they are to make. The technical details of atomic processes and the bomb 's design are wildly inaccurate by intention . <CN> The explosion of an atomic bomb would lead to catastrophic consequences that would affect everyone. So why should we throw it? And especially why punish a population-based only on prejudices? Wouldn't it be better to first talk and understand really who is a certain type of person?
<HS> The last bastion that we will have, will be the atomic bomb. <knowl> The atomic blast of Aug. 6, 1945, killed an estimated 140,000 people by the end of 1945. The use in combat of the single atomic bomb was the culmination of three years of effort by science, industry, and the Army. It is a harnessing of the basic power of the universe. In 1945 , physicist and atomic scientist Dr. J. Robert Oppenheimer ( Hume Cronyn ) praises the discovery of atomic energy , but also warns of its dangers . The genome is essentially the design of a weapon of mass destruction. <CN> The Islamists are not all dangerous, indeed: the violent represent only a small part of a religion that makes the love of God and the brotherhood of man its fundamental basis.
<HS> The last bastion that we will have, will be the atomic bomb. <knowl> Three days after Hiroshima, a second atomic bomb was dropped on Nagasaki. A few weeks after the war ended, the two atomic-bomb pilots visited Nagasaki. Friday, October 2, 2015, 1:16 PMIt's been 70 years since the first atomic bombs were dropped on Nagasaki and Hiroshima. He referred to the atomic bombing of Hiroshima only once, but did not mention Nagasaki. On Aug. 6, 1945, the United States dropped an atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima. <CN> I suggest you see what the atomic bombs have made on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Do you really want this to happen again?
<HS> They want to convert all of us. <knowl> The list of these kinds of horrific incidents goes on and on. The Rev. Al Sharpton is president of the National Action Network. The Class Council is formed by the representatives of individual classes . Private Benjamin'' has a generous quota of such nicely silly moments. Millions of Americans face debt challenges every single day, he said. <CN> Can you tell me about an incident in which you found yourself living an attempt of conversion?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. Like your use of "Religion" to describe Islam, so the Islamic Believers then used this against your Nation, based on US Constitutional Rights protecting "Religion". Yet despite all of the history, all the violence, all of the pressures on the current players in the process, there are fragile hopes for peace. The study found substantial differences among Israeli Jews on crucial questions. Statistics released on Monday recorded 5,796 hate crime incidents in 2012, compared to 6,222 in 2011.After race the main motivations were sexual orientation and religion, each accounting for almost a fifth of incidents. <CN> Currently returns consist of delivering to the migrant an expulsion paper that orders him to leave the country on their own. Of course, nobody does it. This is because we do not have the resources to send them away, so at the moment returns do not seem to be the solution to the migration phenomenon.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> On Nov. 24, BBC.com published a piece on what was trending on Twitter. A version of this op-ed appears in print on July 25, 2015, on page A21 of the New York edition with the headline: Algeria's Invisible Arab. Her point was multilayered: On one level, she was rejecting what she viewed as oppressive social norms; on another she was suggesting that the Arab world could be different, because it had been. Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. Next to the word ''nationality'' on my identity card is the word ''Druse,'' in both Hebrew and Arabic. <CN> No Arab has expected to impose its decisions on Italians but they simply ask that the Islamic community is allowed to practice their religion and to live according to their own culture.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Doctrines of Jehovah 's Witnesses are established by the Governing Body . Baptism is a requirement for being considered a member of Jehovah 's Witnesses . The restrictions on freedom of religion are an important reflection of Singapore 's secularism . The 2008 US Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life survey found a low retention rate among members of the religion : about 37 % of people raised in the religion continued to identify themselves as Jehovah 's Witnesses . Then they [Prince was accompanied by Graham on this particular outing] start in on this Jehovah's Witnesses stuff. <CN> Assuming that no Arab religion, Italian, Spanish, Australian, etc. Exist. And then all religions have their own share of witness and spread of the word. Especially Jehovah's Witnesses and Christians, but I've never heard of Muslims if you are referring to them, who sought to impose their religion even with force.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> The Elcharfas' home is dotted with references to Arab and Muslim culture. Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. Next to the word ''nationality'' on my identity card is the word ''Druse,'' in both Hebrew and Arabic. We can support the State of Israel and the Jewish religion and still treasure the Arab and Islamic culture. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. <CN> No Arab has ever tried to impose their religion to an Italian.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> They have to choose between the US Constitution and Sharia law. French riot police patrolled a housing complex northwest of Paris on Saturday night. Like your use of "Religion" to describe Islam, so the Islamic Believers then used this against your Nation, based on US Constitutional Rights protecting "Religion". Victims have included atheist bloggers, gay rights activists, foreign aid workers and religious minorities. Others are just plain conservative themselves, even on issues far more basic than gay rights — like whether gender equality should be applied to inheritance and other questions traditionally governed by Islamic law. <CN> We must send home (perhaps not on the boats) who violates the law: this according to the Italian constitution, which provides rights also for foreigners.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Terrorism cemented an image of Arabs as violent, many experts said, and among many Arabs it fostered insecurity and a troubled self-image. Working on rock quarries in the West Bank and Israel is a common (and difficult) job for many Arabs to this day. The team concentrates on about a dozen mainstream Web sites such as chat rooms set up by the BBC and Al Jazeera or charismatic Muslim figures like Amr Khaled, as well as Arab news sites like Elaph.com. So I will hold on to my religion, and that's it. Some don't want to be dragged into culture wars, a favorite ground for Islamists who bank on the fact that many Arab societies are still socially conservative. <CN> Did you know that there are so many Italian Muslims and many Arabs who are not? Arab nationality does not identify with any religion as the Italian nationality decrees not all Italians as Catholics. If you are referring to the Muslim religion I do not believe there is any Muslim who seek to impose his own faith.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Next to the word ''nationality'' on my identity card is the word ''Druse,'' in both Hebrew and Arabic. We can support the State of Israel and the Jewish religion and still treasure the Arab and Islamic culture. On Sunday, Gore, too, broke with precedent and met Arab activists at a private meeting at the Hyatt Regency. On Oct. 5, George W. Bush held a closed-door meeting with Arab leaders at the Hyatt Regency hotel in Dearborn. Jack G. Shaheen, the author of Reel Bad Arabs and Guilty: Hollywood's Verdict on Arabs After 9/11, said yes. <CN> To me no Arab has ever imposed anything. Next week I will see my friend Amsa, who is senegalese, to exchange Christmas greetings.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> When customers reject our idea, they are not rejecting us personally. The problem is when you mete out benefits or pay based on religion. By the way, India and Pakistan were established based on the Islamic Religion, not Israel. On Monday doctors did a biopsy and determined her body was rejecting the transplant, she said. Several areas of the talks have stalled and resentment at the apparent rejection is rising in Turkey. <CN> I think it's better to learn to live together instead. Sending them home without reason is equivalent to rejecting them and the rejection generates resentment.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Prime Minister Erdogan, embracing his Egyptian counterpart Essam Sharaf in Cairo Tuesday, is seen by many Arabs as a heroic figure. Working on rock quarries in the West Bank and Israel is a common (and difficult) job for many Arabs to this day. In his favor may be eagerness among leaders on both sides to raise their stock at home by showing progress towards peace. So I will hold on to my religion, and that's it. Arab tribes here say they have suffered reprisal attacks by non-Arab militias. <CN> I believe that many Arabs were instead damaged in the history by Europeans that they would have sent back to their homeland on rafts and dinghies.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> The Rightist case is based on distortions of language and history. It is not for one religion or one type of a religion. Currently , there is no consensus on the issue of Philip 's Christianity . Christian members on both sides of different Governments have Killed Each Other. Mixing elements of older religions with Christianity doesn't happen only in Africa, said Pew researcher Gregory Smith. <CN> History teaches that Christians wanted to impose their religion at the home of others.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Nearly all burdens on religious exercise are caused by laws of general application. Ultimately those against marriage equality have to rely on religion otherwise they have no case. If approved by voters on June 12, the change could result in even more bizarre outcomes over religion. The guarantee of free exercise of religion has always been viewed as a purely personal liberty, guaranteeing the right of individuals to worship and exercise religion consistent with the dictates of their conscience. Only the " establishing religion " and " prohibiting free exercise " limbs have been the subject of cases before the High Court . <CN> To profess and practice their religion is not 'impose' but to exercise, it's an inalienable right.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Liz Turcotte from Kentucky grew up Catholic, but her views on religion changed during college. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. Â Cristina Ferrari, an official at the day care centre told newspapers on Tuesday that religion had nothing to do with the decision to dismiss Mouayche. He said he has concern about Muslims being unfairly affected in such cases and hopes the incident doesn't lead to profiling of American Muslims. This definition of Israeli identity — one based on the Hebrew language and culture rather than religion — is a very good thing for the prospects of peace. <CN> It is absolutely untrue that they want to impose their religion, there is no such case. They only ask to be able to respect their religion (and that it is respected), even here in Italy.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Coroners conducted autopsies on people whose religion barred them, he said. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. A judge on Thursday gave 72-year-old Earle McNeill a far longer term than the four colleagues sentenced to date from MultiEthnic Behavioral Services. This definition of Israeli identity — one based on the Hebrew language and culture rather than religion — is a very good thing for the prospects of peace. The study found substantial differences among Israeli Jews on crucial questions. <CN> I live in a city absolutely multiethnic and it does not seem to me that nothing alarming happens.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Next to the word ''nationality'' on my identity card is the word ''Druse,'' in both Hebrew and Arabic. Lately, Habibi has made its home at Club Rush in Chelsea. They can settle in Palestine only by the goodwill of the Arabs. Islamists have long denounced nudity in Arab art as the result of pernicious Westernization. In a few cases, it appears, they have simply returned to their home nations. <CN> Can you quote me some cases where an Arab tried to impose his religion in Italy?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Subsequent Small Boat books included "Small Boat through Belgium" (1957 . . . England & Wales introduced a census question on religion in 2001. His younger brother, Dzhokhar, relished debating people on religion, "then crushing their beliefs with facts. Such an uproar is familiar to Carol Phillips, a stay-at-home mother in northern Virginia. None of these databases include religion, so Austria may no longer have counts of its population by religion. <CN> Personally, no one has ever imposed his religion on me and the only person who commands in my house is my mother . Sending her away on a boat seems to me not very nice.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> To refresh your memory, Eyzendooren wrote on Facebook: I was told by one of Harmeet's friends that because of her religion, her loyalty is to the Muslim religion.... Many people want to make our war on terror a war on at least a segment of the Muslim religion. Affleck was outspoken on all of them, but things got particularly heated when it came to Islam and the Muslim religion. French riot police patrolled a housing complex northwest of Paris on Saturday night. Cazeneuve was speaking after a meeting with leaders of the French Council of the Muslim Religion. <CN> The Muslim religion is not to be feared because it is different from ours. We have to work for integration.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> By the way, India and Pakistan were established based on the Islamic Religion, not Israel. Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. Next to the word ''nationality'' on my identity card is the word ''Druse,'' in both Hebrew and Arabic. We can support the State of Israel and the Jewish religion and still treasure the Arab and Islamic culture. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. <CN> But really? Some Arabs approached you and tried to impose his religion? In what way would they be commanding?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Defective Humans began Killing Each Other and our Home Planet Base. What does Generation Birth, Killing, Death and Rebirth do to our Home Planet? The wellbeing of billions of people on this planet depends on our commitment to Western progressive values. Killing is the Name of the Game of Life on Earth for Religion, Government, Family and the Earth's Environment.. It throws the label of 'Islamophobe' on pundits, journalists and others who dare to talk about extremist ideology in the religion. ... <CN> It seems to me that it was us, Westerners, to colonize and to impose our domination of the planet, even this day.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> England & Wales introduced a census question on religion in 2001. One thing many researchers can agree on is that the Census Bureau should ask about religion, to produce even more reliable data. By the way, India and Pakistan were established based on the Islamic Religion, not Israel. Owing to the sensitive nature of a question on religion, special care may be required to demonstrate to respondents that appropriate data protection and disclosure control measures are in place. He added, Statistics Canada has conducted extensive consultations for every census, including on the usefulness of information on religion. <CN> It seems to me a fear not supported by any data.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> England & Wales introduced a census question on religion in 2001. Working on rock quarries in the West Bank and Israel is a common (and difficult) job for many Arabs to this day. In many ways, the Arab Spring has recast the Arab world from what emerged after 9/11. France's ban on full-face veils in the name of laïcité strikes many Egyptians as outright Islamophobia. Owing to the sensitive nature of a question on religion, special care may be required to demonstrate to respondents that appropriate data protection and disclosure control measures are in place. <CN> Your statement is very strong, based on what do you think that the Arabs want to impose their religion and command at our home? I do not see many Arabs in Italy and I do not even see actions in this direction, but perhaps I was not careful enough, if you helped me with some data I would be grateful.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> On Nov. 24, BBC.com published a piece on what was trending on Twitter. I believe Trump is playing on ignorance and cashing in on fear, Siblani said. Khalid Jabara, 37, was shot and killed on his front porch in Tulsa, Oklahoma, on Friday. An online fundraiser, launched on Monday in support of the Jabaras, had raised $2,500 by midday on Tuesday. The American military released a statement on Sunday saying two soldiers had been killed in separate incidents in Baghdad on Saturday. <CN> Forgive me, but the second part of your statement made me smile, why do you want to send them home on boats, if I may ask?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> The cell supports outposts on barren hilltop areas, where occupants claim that they are above the rule of law. France's ban on full-face veils in the name of laïcité strikes many Egyptians as outright Islamophobia. JERUSALEM — Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel apologized on Monday for making what were widely condemned as racist comments last week in saying that Arab citizens were voting in droves. Unlike Arabs in the West Bank, Gaza Strip and most Arab residents of East Jerusalem, Palestinian citizens of Israel have full voting rights. Residents looked at damage caused by an arson attack on a mosque in the Bedouin Arab village ofÂ Tuba-Zangariya in northern Israel. <CN> I am not aware that the Arab citizens (which by the way are also Christians) arrive in our country to control and impose their laws: many practice their religion in full compliance with those of others.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> The restrictions on freedom of religion are an important reflection of Singapore 's secularism . Then they [Prince was accompanied by Graham on this particular outing] start in on this Jehovah's Witnesses stuff. Jehovah 's Witnesses believe that the Bible condemns the mixing of religions , on the basis that there can only be one truth from God , and therefore reject interfaith and ecumenical movements . v. Greece ( 1999 ) points to other grounds on which the right to propagate one 's religion might reasonably be restricted in Singapore . Doctrines of Jehovah 's Witnesses are established by the Governing Body . <CN> The only ones who have proposed to me their religion were Jehovah's Witnesses, I said no thanks and they went away. I never experienced 'constraints.'.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Also, there's plenty of room for debate: In this part of the world, the term secular means very different things to different people. The dancers included plenty of non-Arab men, many of whom Abraham said were regulars. Sending young people on suicide/homicide missions as a form of Jihad is a distortion of Islam. It is also home to less than half of the world's people who claim Jewish ancestry. Most Israeli Jews perceive anti-Semitism as being on the rise around the world and believe Israel is an essential component of the long-term survival of the Jewish people. <CN> There are plenty of examples of Arab people from the second generation, in accordance with their traditions of origin, they are perfectly integrated in Italy.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> His words have prompted arguably the largest debate on religion in the small Scandinavian nation since the Westergaard cartoon. The all-suite Koder House, on the waterfront, is the former residence of one of the city's most prominent Jewish families. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. Harold has concentrated his shopping on shoes, many pairs of bi-coloured leather and canvas shoes which I hope mean he intends to go sight-seeing. Most Israeli Jews perceive anti-Semitism as being on the rise around the world and believe Israel is an essential component of the long-term survival of the Jewish people. <CN> If we learnt to put ourselves in another's shoes, we would live in a better world without negative prejudices.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> He added, Statistics Canada has conducted extensive consultations for every census, including on the usefulness of information on religion. The elegant family home of the mayor of Bethlehem, Hanna Nasser, is on Yasir Arafat Street. I don't understand the logic of why religion is not on the census, Bagby said. None of these databases include religion, so Austria may no longer have counts of its population by religion. We as Christians don't force our religion on anyone, he said, suggesting that perhaps Christians are treated differently. <CN> The Arabs do not want to impose their religion. Did you see any Muslim in Italy trying to impose his religion on anyone? If so, where? Explain his theory. The boats are controlled by human traffickers, so you would like that trafficking of human beings was used to bring them back to their homeland?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Freedom House, which tracks citizens' rights worldwide, ranks Qatar low in all of those areas. The Atheist Religion wants symbols of ALL other religions removed from government, replaced by a void. Not only can secularism coexist with religion, Free Arabs argues, but it protects the free exercise of religion and can help promote other civil liberties, like gay rights. NSEERS was framed as an effort to focus not on religion, but on country of origin. "The constitution, which enshrines freedom of religion and women's rights, took two years to finish. <CN> In what way do they want to impose their religion? We are rather seeking to impose ours, not having any rights.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. Next to the word ''nationality'' on my identity card is the word ''Druse,'' in both Hebrew and Arabic. We can support the State of Israel and the Jewish religion and still treasure the Arab and Islamic culture. His words have prompted arguably the largest debate on religion in the small Scandinavian nation since the Westergaard cartoon. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. <CN> Saying 'Arabs' is a generalization and does not indicate a religion.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> In this case, as in many others, Mr Santorum is guilty of shrill exaggeration. In a few cases, it appears, they have simply returned to their home nations. Coffee production is widespread in the Antemoro homeland and generates income for many families . "Now our churches?"Among those in attendance were ministers from a multitude of faith traditions. Upon settling in Madagascar , these Arabs converted the Antemoro to Islam ; the religion was soon abandoned in favor of traditional beliefs and practices associated with respect for the ancestors , although remnants of Islam remain in fady such as the prohibition against consuming pork . <CN> The integration while respecting the traditions of all is the solution in many cases it is already happening.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Of the 62 censuses reviewed between 2005 and 2014, 32 asked a question on religion, according to Erlinda Go, officer-in-charge of the demographic and social statistics branch of the U.N. statistics division. England & Wales introduced a census question on religion in 2001. France's ban on full-face veils in the name of laïcité strikes many Egyptians as outright Islamophobia. We pray for our president and the health of our country. Photos can also be rearranged in the case of a gallery. <CN> Statistics say that Italy is last in the list of countries that welcome migrants and refugees with only 2.4 people per 1,000 inhabitants. Insert links, for example https://www.internazionale.it/reportage/annalisa-camilli/2018/06/18/immigrazione-luoghi-comuni-italia.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. Not only can secularism coexist with religion, Free Arabs argues, but it protects the free exercise of religion and can help promote other civil liberties, like gay rights. We pray for our president and the health of our country. They come from different countries and have one common denominator: Islam. <CN> In a civilized country there is the coexistence of different religions, none dominates the other, but rather coexist peacefully.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> On the other, critics of religion tend to exhibit an inability to understand religion outside of its absolutist connotations. Scholars and advocacy networks model relations between religion and democracy, religion and peacebuilding, and religion and economic growth. Their religion, Evolutionism, must take precedence over all other religions and be granted special status in explaining the unexplained. In fact, one could almost say that all three Abrahamic Religions not only criticize but ARE themselves "criticisms" of other religions. "The other religions, he says we must consider them as good and even an opportunity given by God to other people. <CN> There are definitely people less tolerant toward other religions, like in Christianity, after all; but Islam isn't an intolerant religion.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> The older rules, in effect since 2003, barred making those stops on the basis of race or ethnicity... And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. "The petition said "the attempt to root discriminatory policies based on religion or ethnicity in Torah is a painful distortion of our tradition. They target people because of their skin colour and ethnic group. Local experts said that although Israelis frequently poll themselves on similar issues, the unusually large scope of the Pew survey gives it weight and validity. <CN> According to the law, irregular immigrants can be repatriated, regardless of ethnicity (in this case, however, not on the boats, clearly). By what principle of law should be repatriated an Arab with a valid permit?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> The Christian minority in the Middle East is important to prevent Muslim totalitarianism. You on the other hand declare yourself to be a muslim but not an american. US and Europe should hire minorities from Islamic countries to do the profiling of muslim travelers. Across the 19 countries in the survey, Christians and Muslims both associated positive traits with the other religion. We can support the State of Israel and the Jewish religion and still treasure the Arab and Islamic culture. <CN> I am not aware that Muslims (which is different from the Arabs since some are Christians) seek to impose their rules on us.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> âIslam did not âforce convert to Christianity the whole of South America." So hold on are you the person who understands the officially codified doctrine of Islam? The justices simply failed to understand the situation from the perspective of those who find themselves, by dint of race or religion, in the minority. The U.S. officials spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the talks. Sending young people on suicide/homicide missions as a form of Jihad is a distortion of Islam. <CN> The Quran explicitly says that the principles of Islam can only be transmitted without using force. So I guess you are mentioning the extremist forms of Islam, which are a minority compared to the whole of religion. We cannot send back migrants because this action would go against our Constitution, which says that you must receive asylum seekers if in their countries the conditions are such as dangerous to endanger them.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. Since I report on the occupied territories for Israel's state-run television network, I do not need lengthy introductions. In his favor may be eagerness among leaders on both sides to raise their stock at home by showing progress towards peace. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. This definition of Israeli identity — one based on the Hebrew language and culture rather than religion — is a very good thing for the prospects of peace. <CN> Why? Have you bought the Italian territory? And all the resources that we steal to their territories?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. Sexual orientation accounted for 19.6% of incidents and religion for 19%. I beleive that the entire word prolem lies on the Israel, Jews are like the AIDS virus should be destroyed for sake of human race. Dr. Frank Wright, president of National Religious Broadcasters, suggested that Hollywood portrays religion negatively because those who are making entertainment are not "regular church attenders. In 2008, Shariff and Norenzayan published an experiment in Science magazine showing that when people were "unconsciously primed" toward religious belief they were more likely to be generous to strangers, suggesting that religion can be a motivator in cooperative behavior. <CN> 1. No 'Arab' (very general term), has never wanted to impose their religion 2. Are you suggesting giving money to the traffickers of human beings?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Some don't want to be dragged into culture wars, a favorite ground for Islamists who bank on the fact that many Arab societies are still socially conservative. Not only can secularism coexist with religion, Free Arabs argues, but it protects the free exercise of religion and can help promote other civil liberties, like gay rights. If Mr. Obama seeks a Palestinian Arab state, he is going about it the wrong way. Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. Next to the word ''nationality'' on my identity card is the word ''Druse,'' in both Hebrew and Arabic. <CN> Saying that the Arabs want to impose their religion is wrong also as a concept: not all Arabs are Muslims, some are Christians like many Italians.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Stoking the flames of hate against Arabs and Muslims has become accepted in mainstream America. Like half of the Arabs in Dearborn, and about 70% of the nearly 3 million nationwide, he is Christian. I was born in the Druse village of Dalyat el-Carmel, on the Carmel range south of Haifa, in 1946. Kirkuk is home to a mix of Arabs, Kurds and Turkmen, who all have competing claims to the oil-rich area. Even among self-identified centrists, opinion was split three ways on the issue of Israeli settlements in the occupied West Bank. <CN> I do not think that there have been cases of Arabs who have attempted to fill positions of some power in Italy. So why do you say that they want to control us?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> It's a common-sense measure to protect us from those who want to kill us indiscriminately. The findings are based on numbers submitted by law enforcement agencies to the FBI's uniform crime reporting programme. The draft, which was published on Tuesday, states that no law shall be approved which contradicts "the rules of Islam". And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. The clip came from a radio ad Keller, 65, aired on a country station near his home in Mason, Texas, about 100 miles west of Austin. <CN> Italy is our home and of all those who seek to escape death and misery, as well as the law, common sense and civil charity want.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> On political and policy matters, we publish opinions from across the political spectrum. Bottom line it doesn't matter the religion what matters is our safety. In a poignant article on Muslim American soldiers, The Post interviewed Marine Gunnery Sgt. You on the other hand declare yourself to be a muslim but not an american. NearDeathExperienceOthers focused on the discrimination Muslims and Arabs face as a result of negative stereotypes. <CN> For Muslims, unlike us, religion matters, and they want to be able to practice it at appropriate places, without taking anything away from anyone.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Very few people scored high on religion questions and badly on general knowledge, or vice versa. Our social studies class broke into groups to report on the major religions of the world. Now, it asks respondents what their "present religion" is, with atheist and agnostic among the choices. But Mormons outperformed white evangelical Protestants on a battery of questions concerning Christianity and the Bible. The study also found that many Americans don't understand constitutional restrictions on religion in public schools. <CN> Not all who 'come with the boat' are Arabs, there are also Christians and agnostics, so all of them would be enough to practice their religion as well as the law allows.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Even today, the city of Jaffa is a centuries old Arab city. By the way, India and Pakistan were established based on the Islamic Religion, not Israel. Even if Israel annexed only the West Bank, it would more than double its Arab population. The holy books of the Druse religion are written in Arabic, and Arab customs and literature - and at times even the Arab national dream - have been common to the Druse as well. Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. <CN> Good evening, given that not all Arabs are of the Islamic faith. In any case, how are they trying to impose their religion?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Later, the Canadian activists reported on Twitter that the boat was carrying nearly $30,000 worth of medical aid. "Negotiations on the basis of land for peace is a fatal mistake," the leader of the Yisrael Beiteinu party declared. The best way to get a sense of Kochi's sprawling peninsula-and-islands geography is to take a boat tour. The all-suite Koder House, on the waterfront, is the former residence of one of the city's most prominent Jewish families. We pray for our president and the health of our country. <CN> Excuse me, but to send them back with the boats would be necessary for the traffickers, it is perhaps not the best idea.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> ÂOn March 23, a noble man died peacefully in his home in Tehran. They facilitate communication and coordination between the various prosecutors working on mafia crimes. Religion has always been at the heart of the different mafia in Italy. Perhaps it could look to Italy for lessons on how a deeply entrenched mafia. At this moment, the fiercest, most powerful criminal organizations in the world are located in Mexico. <CN> It is not true, but even if it was true, I am not aware that all Italian criminals have been deported in the past. I remind you that we have exported the mafia all over the world, huh.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> "He went on to say that "religion should not be a political argument. On 9/11, we got hit with everything that was going on "out back. It probably also overstates the claim that the Arab world is hostile to secularism. Some don't want to be dragged into culture wars, a favorite ground for Islamists who bank on the fact that many Arab societies are still socially conservative. Not only can secularism coexist with religion, Free Arabs argues, but it protects the free exercise of religion and can help promote other civil liberties, like gay rights. <CN> Although some newspapers represent a reality like this, there is no evidence that Arab citizens want to impose their religion.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> In effect, all the settlement arrangements proposed for resettling the refugees were blocked by the Arab countries. The International Labour Organisation believes up to 75 million young people are without a job in Arab countries. As far as using the term "Religion" in relation to Islam (Islamic Believers completely subjugated to Islam are Muslims). Vatican estimates there are about 17 million Christians from Iran to Egypt, and that while many Christians have fled, new Catholic immigrants — mostly from the Philippines, India and Pakistan — have arrived in recent years in Arab countries to work as domestic or manual laborers. That unresolved question is one of the most contentious in Islam. <CN> First of all, among those who come from Arab countries, there might be Christians. Secondly, it does not seem to me that there has been a particular 'Islamization' of our society in recent years.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> The hypocrisy of calling Islam the religion of peace is not wasted upon us. By the way, India and Pakistan were established based on the Islamic Religion, not Israel. Muslims coexisted with others in peace, harmony and respect for more than 1,400 years as the embodiment of an ethos that forbids compulsion in religion and commands charity in dealing with everyone. Unless the Muslim world deals with Islam and separates religion from state, we will never end this cycle. If it is the religion of peace, why is so much punishment meted out to its own followers? <CN> The migrants are fleeing from situations where it was impossible to continue to live, they are leaving everything to board themselves on boats with absent safety standards in hope of finding a country where they can live in peace. I do not think that their purpose is to control and impose their religion.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> He had been interested in the plight of the Yazidis, a minority whose syncretic religion is seen as devil worship by Islamic fundamentalists. The region is home to the Yazidi sect, a largely Kurdish-speaking minority whose faith predates the advent of Islam and is considered apostate by fundamentalists. On the subcontinent, Arab holy warriors accelerated extreme Islamism among both Afghans and Pakistanis. If I speak of Islamic violence, then I have to speak of Catholic violence. France does not keep statistics on race or religion, but a vast majority of its citizens are said to be either practicing Catholics or agnostics from Catholic backgrounds. <CN> The fundamentalists want to impose their own religions, and we have fundamentalism not just from Islamic but also Catholic, Jewish etc.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. I don't want religion to be the private property of certain people. I beleive that the entire word prolem lies on the Israel, Jews are like the AIDS virus should be destroyed for sake of human race. Zoroastrians were denied access to bathhouses on the grounds that their bodies were polluted . They landed on Diu Island of the coast of Gujarat in the year 936 CE . <CN> The home of humanity is the world for those who have not yet understood that it is becoming smaller and polluted every day.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Contentious issuesThe drafting committee met on Tuesday to discuss federalism, one of the most contentious issues, according to Sunni Arab member Mohammed Abed-Rabbou. After thirteen months of siege , on 15 August 718 , the Arabs departed . This marks a major success, and one that Arabs have taken note of. Despite the merger with Tanganyika , Zanzibar retained a Revolutionary Council and House of Representatives which was , until 1992 , run on a one - party system and has power over domestic matters . On its return journey , the Arab fleet was almost completely destroyed by natural disasters and Byzantine attacks . <CN> Apart from the fact that they are not Arab but African or Asian, I do not see command attempts in our country. We are the ones going to their country to command.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Attacks against Christians have intensified as mistrust between Christians and Muslims deepens. The Christian minority in the Middle East is important to prevent Muslim totalitarianism. Muslims see Christians as tolerant, honest and respectful of women; Christians say Muslims are honest, devout and respectful of women. Home to ancient Christian communities, a variety of Muslim sects, and several indigenous and heterodox religions, Syria's culture has always been more heterogeneous than Arab lands in the Gulf and North Africa. Christian leaders in the region say Christians are better off under authoritarian but secular regimes such as Mr. Assad's in Syria. <CN> Christians and Muslims have always tried to spread their religion, but today they do not impose it by force. Also in the past, Muslims have done this, even if less often than Christians. Keep in mind that in countries such as Egypt, Syria, Iraq, Islamics for almost 1400 years, there are still important Christian minorities today.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> England & Wales introduced a census question on religion in 2001. But some religion researchers say such estimates for Muslims are inflated. In a poignant article on Muslim American soldiers, The Post interviewed Marine Gunnery Sgt. Hassan, however, knew that publishing his unfiltered thoughts on the Muslims would create problems. You on the other hand declare yourself to be a muslim but not an american. <CN> In Italy everyone is free to practice their religion, also muslims.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> By the way, India and Pakistan were established based on the Islamic Religion, not Israel. Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. Hitler, Pol Pot, Sadam Hussein, etc all had extremist views and committed genocide not only based on religion, but race, some killing their own people for absolute power. The study found substantial differences among Israeli Jews on crucial questions. <CN> They do not seem to do all this to me. We must work to find common agreement.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> The all-suite Koder House, on the waterfront, is the former residence of one of the city's most prominent Jewish families. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. The Antemoro figure among the more recent settlers on the island of Madagascar . Stoking the flames of hate against Arabs and Muslims has become accepted in mainstream America. The elegant family home of the mayor of Bethlehem, Hanna Nasser, is on Yasir Arafat Street. <CN> Serial sowers of hate and lies could also end up on boats one day.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> On the other, critics of religion tend to exhibit an inability to understand religion outside of its absolutist connotations. As far as using the term "Religion" in relation to Islam (Islamic Believers completely subjugated to Islam are Muslims). But believers in very different religions can claim such access, and it's hard to see what believers in one religion can, in general, say against the contradictory claims of believers in others. Every religion has its dignity ... in freedom of expression there are limits. Such reflections are important because religions occupy an ambivalent position in our world. <CN> We can also say that all believers want to impose their religion. Does it tell you nothing about the matter, 'the crucifix in schools'?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> The Arab students here choose to define themselves as Israeli-Palestinian Arabs. My Arab Spring: 'I envisioned a new Syria, but it never materialised'In 2016, only 36% of young people said they felt the Arab world was in better shape following the upheaval, down from 72% in 2012. Arab tribes here say they have suffered reprisal attacks by non-Arab militias. It probably also overstates the claim that the Arab world is hostile to secularism. Dr. Mari also criticized the allocation of 40 percent of Arab classroom time to Jewish topics, saying that only 20 percent was devoted to the Arab world. <CN> It does not appear anywhere that an Arab is trying to command in our country unless the members of the government have Arab ancestors, which is very likely given that we Italians are one of the most mixed peoples in the world.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> And she had sworn on the Koran that she would not. Three more hours were spent comparing religions: In the Koran it is written. By the way, India and Pakistan were established based on the Islamic Religion, not Israel. That's why American Muslims of good will can describe Islam simply as a religion of love. <CN> All religions speak of acceptance and love, the Bible as the Koran. Some possessed, on the one hand and on the other, cannot obstruct a quiet life among humans.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> This is the Shahada, the Muslim profession of faith, and it is the most important of the five pillars of Islam. It is with Ibrahim that one of the stories of the origin of Islam begins. Unlike mainstream Muslims, the Alawites do not consider the Five Pillars of Islam to be obligatory. Sending young people on suicide/homicide missions as a form of Jihad is a distortion of Islam. Yet Ramadan is not all daytime discipline and nightly parties: it is a time of generosity and zakat, or charity, another of the five pillars of Islam. <CN> The pillars of Islam does not preach the imposition of religion, indeed they preach co-existence of religions and tolerance. The majority of Muslim foreigners arrive in Italy, because they fled from the country of origin for war and/or persecution conditions. It would be cruel to send them back there.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> So for the past six decades, the country has been on a war footing. On this analysis, religion doesn't create violence so much as violence creates religion. That fact is likely the reason some on the right have championed the film as a pro-war anthem. Otherwise, bringing our troops home will not put an end to a war that will continue to reside within. On Saturday, a boat carrying migrants also sank off the coast of Lesbos, and a 5-year-old girl drowned. <CN> Those who arrive in boats run away from famine, war, violence, moreover, often the situation at their home is also caused by us.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> The attack on the sulfur facility came days after Iraqi forces launched an offensive to retake Mosul, threatening the largest city under Islamic State control. To put it simply: On September 10, 2001, I went to sleep an American. Most Israeli Jews perceive anti-Semitism as being on the rise around the world and believe Israel is an essential component of the long-term survival of the Jewish people. Officials for the Peres Center repeatedly declined to comment on the redevelopment efforts around Peace House. Otherwise, bringing our troops home will not put an end to a war that will continue to reside within. <CN> Sending home people who came to our country to try to change their life for the better, running away from wars, despair and poverty, would be the same as sending you home if your house was unsafe after an earthquake or was on fire.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> In Monday's On Religion piece, the Rev. Oliver Thomas asks and answers the question, "Why religion?" Mr. Panicker believes religion should be taught outside school hours and says his daughter is already confused when she attends Hindu prayer services. Despite his own admission, Thomas insists that "religion makes it easier to be decent" because religion pushes us to be better human beings. "To me it's what religion is supposed to be: a beautiful thing." You can trash some religions, like Roman Catholicism, with impunity, but you cannot trash Islam? <CN> What does it mean to you to 'impose' their religion? Until proven otherwise, I have never seen Islam being taught in schools as is done with Catholicism.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> On the secular history of Israel, I have posted numerous times. Citizens can pursue religion through churches, synagogues, and, yes, tiny clubs of Secular Humanism. I simply find it to be a problematic endorsement of religion by the secular state. His five points began with the tidal shift in views on religion in academia and politics. Our objective is not to take sides on religion, but only to report what the data say. <CN> The problem lies in having a more open, secular and human mentality without blinders.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. The study found substantial differences among Israeli Jews on crucial questions. Lately, Habibi has made its home at Club Rush in Chelsea. They sent money home and sponsored relatives who wanted to join them. <CN> On the same boat is a saying that should unite and remember that luck is a fickle thing.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. "It turns out that a few bad apples weren't living up to the standards that the rest of us have set for our company. I don't blame the ignorance spread today, because the media only wants us to focus on the bad and evil, and not the good and the hopeful. The study found substantial differences among Israeli Jews on crucial questions. <CN> I am convinced that, except for a few bad apples, even they want to live together peacefully.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Even Mr. Bashir, who seized control in a 1989 military coup, suffers. Any question on religion will elicit exaggerated levels of piety, of course. On the other hand, the precedent being set in this election matters a great deal. On the eve of the recent Israeli election, the prime minister said that no Palestinian state would be created on his watch. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. <CN> Good evening, in what sense control at our home? Creating a party and presenting at the election? With a coup? Where do I find information about it?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> On the road to freedom, they may stumble down detours, as have many other peoples. We inscribe this on monuments to help us feel better, but when push comes to shove, we shove. "If your neighbor's house is on fire, you are not safe if you lock your doors," she said. That is, on account of race, religion, political belief or because he is a member of a particular social group. Many people seeking asylum today readily admit they are fleeing indiscriminate violence, thinking that their credibility is all that matters. <CN> An answer like that so indiscriminate seems not a solution to me to migration; people that arrive in Italy are not here to 'conquer' us, they come to try to have a better future.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Houses are marked Reserved for Kurds, and Kurdish checkpoints declare, No Arabs Allowed. What's better, that they locate themselves on the 53rd floor of a skyscraper instead?Jaffa, known as Yafo in Hebrew, has been home to generations of Arabs. Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. Next to the word ''nationality'' on my identity card is the word ''Druse,'' in both Hebrew and Arabic. We can support the State of Israel and the Jewish religion and still treasure the Arab and Islamic culture. <CN> According to what do you state that Arabs want to command in Italy?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> By the way, India and Pakistan were established based on the Islamic Religion, not Israel. So, no I do not know what President Obama has on his FB about his religion and frankly I do not care, I am not EVEN tempted to check it out. The findings are based on numbers submitted by law enforcement agencies to the FBI's uniform crime reporting programme. Killing is the Name of the Game of Life on Earth for Religion, Government, Family and the Earth's Environment.. Statistics released on Monday recorded 5,796 hate crime incidents in 2012, compared to 6,222 in 2011.After race the main motivations were sexual orientation and religion, each accounting for almost a fifth of incidents. <CN> Good evening, send them back home for what accomplished crime? Freely practice their religion?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> In the West Bank, a Palestinian home was torched on Sunday. It's a possibility of civil war between sectors, said Yedidia Stern, who runs a program on religion and state at the Israel Democracy Institute, and served on the committee charged with rewriting the draft law. On Nov. 24, BBC.com published a piece on what was trending on Twitter. The elegant family home of the mayor of Bethlehem, Hanna Nasser, is on Yasir Arafat Street. The findings are based on numbers submitted by law enforcement agencies to the FBI's uniform crime reporting programme. <CN> Sending back at home on boats, apart from being contrary to law, means feeding the smugglers trafficking that you would like to fight.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> What's better, that they locate themselves on the 53rd floor of a skyscraper instead?Jaffa, known as Yafo in Hebrew, has been home to generations of Arabs. Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. Next to the word ''nationality'' on my identity card is the word ''Druse,'' in both Hebrew and Arabic. We can support the State of Israel and the Jewish religion and still treasure the Arab and Islamic culture. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. <CN> Based on what you say that the Arabs want to command at our house?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> On July 13, France's lower house of parliament passed, by a 335-1 vote, a ban on face-covering veils. On the way there I regretted, and I wanted to go back home. But in recent years, French leaders appear ever more focused on banning veils. Williams said on Friday: "The ideal of a society where no visible public signs of religion would be seen, no crosses around necks, no sidelocks, turbans or veils, is a politically dangerous one. On the other: their neighbors, who accuse the students of running a scam to keep their partying friends together. <CN> To me it does not seem that my friends that wear veils are offended when they see other people without it, they got the license, they go out on their own and travel. Let's not throw the baby out with the bath water.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> They would have been able to obtain better working and living conditions. In that period, they are not allowed to work or leave the country. The immigrants are temporarily willing to accept peanut wages, slave hours and poor living conditions. House of Sand and Fog (2003)An abandoned wife is evicted from her home, which is taken over by an Iranian family forced to flee their country following the 1979 revolution. There is a debate about whether the poor living conditions many asylum seekers in Italy face reflect the fact that the country simply cannot cope with the numbers of migrants, or whether Italy has purposely taken a hands-off approach as a way to deter people from staying. <CN> The Arabs that are in Italy want better working and living conditions than those in their country. Certainly, they do not aim to command at our house.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Liz Turcotte from Kentucky grew up Catholic, but her views on religion changed during college. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. Like your use of "Religion" to describe Islam, so the Islamic Believers then used this against your Nation, based on US Constitutional Rights protecting "Religion". This edict elevates Christianity on equal status with Confucianism in China . The study found substantial differences among Israeli Jews on crucial questions. <CN> I think they want to keep their customs and I understand it, I would not say that they want to impose their customs on us.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. The study found substantial differences among Israeli Jews on crucial questions. Lately, Habibi has made its home at Club Rush in Chelsea. They sent money home and sponsored relatives who wanted to join them. <CN> Why? Did someone ever come to you with the aim of converting you?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Crucifixes on the wall say this is what the state thinks about religion, and in the matter of religion, the state shouldn't think anything. Indeed, freedom of religion and of speech itself protects the right to denounce religions. The foundation criticized the display as a promotion of religion that infringes on students rights. The Freedom from Religion Foundation had a placard up in the Legislative Building in Olympia, Washington. I'm so proud of our school system for standing up to the Freedom From Religion Foundation. <CN> Do you know that the religion that has proselytized most of all in the world, since the time of its foundation was Christianity?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Netanyahu continues: "No one would seriously claim that the nearly 2 million Arabs living inside Israel — that they're an obstacle to peace. Prospects are far worse for Arabs living in congested East Jerusalem. This definition of Israeli identity — one based on the Hebrew language and culture rather than religion — is a very good thing for the prospects of peace. Freedom House, which tracks citizens' rights worldwide, ranks Qatar low in all of those areas. JERUSALEM — Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel apologized on Monday for making what were widely condemned as racist comments last week in saying that Arab citizens were voting in droves. <CN> No one wants to impose anything on anyone. Arabs living in Italy want to live in peace, respecting the law and all citizens, but why do you have this huge desire to find an enemy?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. When she gets home, Ted is in her apartment lobby waiting. The study found substantial differences among Israeli Jews on crucial questions. Lately, Habibi has made its home at Club Rush in Chelsea. We never wanted to come on the show with a sob story. <CN> I do not feel controlled by anyone. What about you?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> The chapter that will drive this lesson home will be on Libya. How much weight you folks planning on gaining in your hunger strike? So for the past six decades, the country has been on a war footing. By the way, India and Pakistan were established based on the Islamic Religion, not Israel. On the other policy choices, 8% were pleased about Obama's human rights policy and 5% on his "spreading democracy. <CN> Those who run away from war and hunger do not impose anything on anyone, they do not have the forces to control anything.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> A kinder dad might have bought Isaac the plane ticket and urged him to skip the bus. Some joined the movement, even formed a party within it, based on a separation of religion and politics. In the creepiest-boyfriend-on-the-planet-move of all time, Azel Prather Jr, 25, turned to popular crowd-funding website GoFundMe for plane ticket money to spy on his 22-year-old girlfriend, Marissa. "They're spending 15 to 20 times the price of a plane ticket to make the most atrocious journey of their lives. When booking a plane ticket required calling a travel agent, it was less obvious when there were sneaky ways to get cheaper fares. <CN> If you really want to send them back, it costs less a plane ticket than a trip on the boat. Do you know that only the wealthiest can come to Italy, many of whom have graduated from university? Try to imagine if the same treatment was reserved for our 'brain-drain' abroad.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. "The petition said "the attempt to root discriminatory policies based on religion or ethnicity in Torah is a painful distortion of our tradition. The White House was unmoved by the recalibration, and Mr. Obama offered harsh criticism of Mr. Netanyahu in an interview with The Huffington Post on Saturday. I view myself as the prime minister of each and every citizen of Israel, without any prejudice based on religion, ethnicity or gender, he said in Jerusalem. The study found substantial differences among Israeli Jews on crucial questions. <CN> Where do you see all this? Frankly, I do not find feedback to your statements.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> More than 10,000 people have arrived on Italian shores from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian coast guard. In a few cases, it appears, they have simply returned to their home nations. There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean into Italy and an increase in rescues performed by the Italian Coast Guard to aid migrant boats. The boat was intercepted by an Italian navy vessel, which transferred the passengers to a Panamanian-flagged ship. Why migrants are dying to get to ItalyThe original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat. <CN> But if they barely manage to reach the Italian coast without dying, how do you believe that they can impose on an entire nation?
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> Religions that try to thrive by insulting other religions are insecure. If all religions were the same, wed only have one religion. But it depends on how seriously you take religion, I guess. The Atheist Religion is functioning in the same way as any other religion, spreading their beliefs to others not sharing them. Baylor today will release results of its second national survey on religion. <CN> All religions want to spread their beliefs, but no one ever does it with compulsion.
<HS> The Arabs want to impose their religion and to rule in our home. They must be sent back to their house on boats. <knowl> On Friday two other boats from West Africa made it to Gran Canaria. There was plenty to see on the water, too: ferries taking commuters home from work, party boats with lights flashing on and off to Bollywood music, and narrow fishing canoes with no lights at all. The all-suite Koder House, on the waterfront, is the former residence of one of the city's most prominent Jewish families. And a new law on civil marriages in Lebanon allows the state to marry people of different religions, countering decades of institutionalized sectarianism. When a spell of calm seas arrives, smugglers launch as many boats as they can, cramming more migrants into the boats than can safely be carried. <CN> But Salvini had not said that he would have repatriated them all with planes? Now we're back to the boats, don't you see that you racists can't be consistent?
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> Hundreds have been murdered or killed in terrorist attacks there in the past few years alone. Supporters of Mr. Trump and Mr. Cruz were unique in their strong beliefs about the potential dangers Muslims posed. How can the beliefs of a four-year-old child be important to her if she doesn't even know what her beliefs are?Would you ever speak of a four-year-old's political beliefs? While the veil issue has exacerbated tensions between non-Muslims and Muslims, it has also sparked passionate reactions within Muslim communities. Affleck, however, called these characterizations gross and racist and argued that Maher and Harris were just conflating the minority views of radical jihadists with the beliefs of the rest of the world's estimated 1.6 billion Muslims. <CN> Not all Muslims want to impose their beliefs. Generalization is never good!
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> Amara, a practicing Muslim, called the veil a "sign of oppression of women. It's as if he had an identity crisis, and I would still stay with him after 31 years of marriage. A few days later, Rachid Ghannouchi -- leader of the Islamist Ennahda party in Tunisia -- said he would not propose changing laws that ban polygamy and provide equal rights for men and women in marriage and divorce. Sicilian sister Cristina Scucci, who won on The Voice of Italy show earlier this year, released her version of the 1984 hit Like a Virgin. The brotherhood advocates the introduction of strict Islamic Sharia laws in Jordan. <CN> Islam does not impose the veil, it is always linked to the choice of women, as well as becoming a nun or priest or remain virgin until marriage.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> The veil could frighten children," said the woman, who declined to be named. But in recent years, French leaders appear ever more focused on banning veils. It's been more than five years since France unveiled its ban on the Muslim full-face veil, and remarkably little research has been done on how Muslims feel about it. But she plans to defy the law by wearing her veil to the park and on the street. But discussion of the veil rarely places emphasis on the characters and emotions of the women who actually wear them. <CN> I almost would like it. As a woman, I can say: a great saving on cosmetic products.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. "The citizens of Italy need an answer to this economic crisis. "In my 20 years in Italy, I don't think I've seen ten women who wear the veil," says Izzeddin Elzir, head of the Union of Islamic Communities in Italy (UCOII), the country's largest Muslim organization. But to many viewers of a popular German Sunday evening talk show, the 32-year-old convert wearing a face veil was also a provocation. <CN> Italy has a laic constitution. The hypothesis of imposition of the veil seems to me a provocation.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> In his definition, Islam is a protean human phenomenon, rife with contradictions. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. Muslims have a wide range of different beliefs about what Shariah requires in practice. Sarkozy said he wanted a ban, and that the veils are not welcome in France. It is true that the idea of conquest is inherent in the soul of Islam. <CN> Given the low number of who profess the Islamic faith in Italy, I doubt that this will be the case.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> The reality, of course, is that most Muslims are neither heroes nor extremists. "Ten years ago, unfortunately, marks the worst introduction of Islam to a majority of America. The study found that more than 300 million Muslims, or one-fifth of the Muslim population, live in countries where Islam is not the majority religion. It is supported by 1,000 years of Muslim history in which religious freedom was cherished. The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. <CN> The vast majority of Muslims are simply interested in practicing their religion peacefully, we should not confuse them with the few extremists.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> No question, the subjects of such prosecutions are often anti-religious -- especially anti-Muslim -- and intolerant. It is supported by 1,000 years of Muslim history in which religious freedom was cherished. A lot of people who live like me, or practicing Muslims who respect that religion is a private matter, have had it easier than those who think religion should be part of a larger society. I understand the reasons for such responses, but they oversimplify the relation of religion to intolerance and the violence it can lead to. <CN> It does not seem to me that the majority of Muslims are so intolerant against our society. We cannot confuse a few extremists with those who peacefully practice their religion.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> It was 14 years before and two Sundays after his wife had died. But in recent years, French leaders appear ever more focused on banning veils. A few days later, he and Carol drove over to see the church. Attendance at the Southern Baptist church on Scenic Drive had dwindled to about 15 most Sundays. We discover that Boswell attended church happily and was a moderate Sabbatarian who nevertheless wrote and traveled on Sundays. <CN> How would you feel if on Sundays to go to church you had to go to a place far from home?
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" Thus, to me, forcing women to wear the veil is also wrong. "Women who wear the traditional veil are also being targeted, Já said. "As things stand, most Muslim women are afraid to wear the veil. <CN> No Muslim has ever said that Italian women should wear the veil.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> They rightly saw the veil as a a tool and symbol of oppression and subservience. Occasionally more radical, more violent versions of Islam arose, but their impact was mostly limited. Isn't it the duty of Muslims, after all, to educate non-Muslims on the true nature of the religion of Mohammed? Editor's Note: The controversy over a proposed mosque in lower Manhattan has spurred a wider debate about the nature of Islam. The tyrants and oppressive regimes that have been the real impediment to peace and progress in the Muslim world must hear our unanimous condemnation. <CN> The real oppression is to forbid a person to profess their religion, as sanctioned in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The veil is not imposed by Islam, at most by oppressive regimes that with the true nature of Islam have nothing to do.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> Other in-depth but smaller-scale studies also have suggested that France's secular laws were facing a backlash from a minority of ultraconservative French Muslims. The Ifop poll found instead that French Muslims made up only 5.6 percent of the country's population older than 15, though they were younger on average. Notably, in this case as in several others, French Muslim women appeared to be more conservative than men, with 28 percent in favor vs. 20 percent of their male peers. The study, conducted by the polling firm Ifop long before the burkini controversy erupted and first published in Le Journal du Dimanche weekly, found that most of those who identify as Muslim in France fit into three broad categories. The new study may challenge some orthodox thinking about France's Muslim minority. <CN> There is no invasion, the Muslim population in Italy does not exceed 5%.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> But in recent years, French leaders appear ever more focused on banning veils. On New Year's Eve, 23 Copts died in a church bombing in Alexandria. "In fact, the Islamists told the thugs to stop attacking churches, saying it was forbidden. Radical Islamists have filled the void, influencing people with anti-Christian rhetoric, community leaders and activists say. But in the years since then, as an Islamist government was elected and overthrown, that sense of hope evaporated. <CN> Islamists represent a very low percentage of the Italian population, there are 10 mosques compared to more than 66,000 churches, so what data are you referring to?
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" Thus, to me, forcing women to wear the veil is also wrong. "Women who wear the traditional veil are also being targeted, Já said. "As things stand, most Muslim women are afraid to wear the veil. <CN> The choice to wear the veil is free and it is up to Muslim women.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> Mohammed writes the Koran "forbids us to use force as a means of converting" others. Seventy years ago, in April 1928, a 20-year-old girl named Nazira Zayn al-Din wrote a book called Unveiling and Veiling, saying she had read, understood and interpreted the Holy Koran. "The veil debate has become part of a larger discussion in Britain about Muslims and religious tolerance, free expression, human rights, prejudice and security. Rauf made clear Islam's image has been distorted by radical fundamentalists who insist on strict adherence to their interpretation of the Koran and impose a fascistic order on certain countries. But that same principle must apply to Muslim perceptions of America. <CN> Muslims cannot use force to spread their principles, a sura of the Koran says that. Also, another sura proclaims religious tolerance.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> As a young man, I worked in Chicago communities where many found dignity and peace in their Muslim faith. the context of Europe, where in many countries Muslims feel like they are besieged, these images are not seen as criticism, but as bullying. They also showed few signs of moving quickly to enforce the new rules for fear of causing unrest in big cities with Muslim communities. "The veil debate has become part of a larger discussion in Britain about Muslims and religious tolerance, free expression, human rights, prejudice and security. The veil ban is a contentious issue for many, partly because of the broad overlap between the cultural and religious significances of Muslim head scarves. <CN> In my experience, having known many Muslims, I must say that no one seemed particularly interested in organizing a coup to take power in Italy.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> "As things stand, most Muslim women are afraid to wear the veil. "In my 20 years in Italy, I don't think I've seen ten women who wear the veil," says Izzeddin Elzir, head of the Union of Islamic Communities in Italy (UCOII), the country's largest Muslim organization. Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. In 2010, the French Senate banned public wearing of face-coverings, including the Muslim face-veil, the niqab. "The controversy over the veils is similar to the debate in other Western countries over whether Muslim women should be allowed to wear garments that hide their faces in public. <CN> Muslims in Italy are about 2% of the population. I find it difficult to think that they become a majority. And in any case many Muslim women do not wear the veil.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> In addition, a number of European cities have enacted municipal bans, prohibiting the veils in public buildings and imposing other restrictions. Pew has managed the impressive feat of reducing millions of women across markedly different regions down to just six stock "Muslim woman" cartoons. "In my 20 years in Italy, I don't think I've seen ten women who wear the veil," says Izzeddin Elzir, head of the Union of Islamic Communities in Italy (UCOII), the country's largest Muslim organization. A Muslim woman walks in downtown Rome Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011. But in recent years, that prohibition has taken on a deadly edge. <CN> Wearing the veil is a choice for the Muslim woman, its imposition or its prohibition on the other hand, are the result of oppression.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> A review of the book shows there is balanced attention given to the beliefs of Islam, Judaism and Christianity. "The veil is not a requirement of Islam but a cultural one. There is not a change in the overall proportions of Muslims to Christians. Iranian women have among the fewest children of anyone in the Muslim world. In most countries, Muslims are much more worried about Islamic extremists than Christian extremists. <CN> Do you know the number of Muslims in Italy? I do not believe they are so many to be able to 'impose' Islam on us. Historically are Christians who travel the world trying to convert others.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" Thus, to me, forcing women to wear the veil is also wrong. "Women who wear the traditional veil are also being targeted, Já said. "As things stand, most Muslim women are afraid to wear the veil. <CN> 1. Why should Muslims impose their beliefs? 2. Women are not obliged to wear the veil. It is a free choice.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> If they want to wear a veil or go completely nude that's their right. Another woman in another Paris suburb was stopped for wearing a veil, but was let go with a warning. Bernie noted that while a bandit disguised with a veil and sunglasses robbed a Sydney convenience store last year, there were no Australian crime trends involving Muslim women's clothing. French President Nicolas Sarkozy set the wheels in motion for the ban nearly two years ago, saying the veils imprison women and contradict this secular nation's values of dignity and equality. People who force women to don a veil are subject to up to a year in prison and a $43,000 fine, and possibly twice that if the veiled person is a minor. <CN> Could you give me a source at the base of such a strong statement? Because to me it does not appear that there is this trend going on.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> All popes must be diplomats, since Catholics exist in many different cultures and nations. A society cannot be unified if it preserves different cultures and cultural identities within itself. Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. Dictionary.com defines multiculturalism as "the preservation of different cultures or cultural identities within a unified society, as a state or nation. The veil remained a potent symbol of difference as colonialism collapsed after World War II and Muslims from colonized countries flocked to France. <CN> We must invest in integration policies that allow us to bring together different cultures.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> A few years ago, Dr. Padela was working in an emergency room when a middle-aged South Asian woman arrived by ambulance. The issue of the veil is more contentious within ostensibly Christian countries, where Muslim minorities may wish to wear the veil (as was the case in France) and laws are passed to take away that individual choice. The veil could frighten children," said the woman, who declined to be named. The country's Shariah laws require children to follow their father's religion. One woman didn't even know the law was going into effect today. <CN> In almost all Muslim countries the veil is a choice (of the woman or of the family) is not imposed by law. It is in Iran.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" French President Nicolas Sarkozy set the wheels in motion for the ban nearly two years ago, saying the veils imprison women and contradict this secular nation's values of dignity and equality. Thus, to me, forcing women to wear the veil is also wrong. Ahmed's book, and the veil itself, will doubtlessly continue sparking debate. <CN> Explain better what you mean. Based on what do you make these claims?
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> Muslims believe Muhammad received the revelations that form the Quran, the scripture of Islam, between 610 and 632, the year of his death. Why so much conflict in the last 1400 years wherever Muslims live? Would the Muslim scholars abrogate the later Quran verses with the earlier ones? They are clearly signaling to each other that they have become good Muslims. In their hearts they remain their ethnic identity, religion, or country of origin. <CN> In Islam, a woman can choose to wear the veil or not. Furthermore, the Quran teaches good Muslims to respect other religions.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> You get radicals everywhere and in every religion," said Roya Zaneti of Cairo, Egypt. Mohammed writes the Koran "forbids us to use force as a means of converting" others. If Muslims attack Christianity or the Bible or its symbols they are violating their own faith. Attacking the sanctities of a religion, I submit, is quite unlike targeting the faithful of that religion. When it comes to personal religious and spiritual beliefs, let people live through their own unique life experience. <CN> The Koran teaches to the faithful to tolerate other religions and to respect them. Muslims can only transmit their own principles, but without using force.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> "As things stand, most Muslim women are afraid to wear the veil. After France's ban in 2011, Belgium followed suit and later that year also banned the full Muslim veil. Most striking of all, we learn that conservative Muslims, or veiled Muslims for that matter, make up a decided minority in America. A woman was assaulted in hospital in Luanda for wearing a veil, and on another occasion, a young Muslim lady was beaten up and told to leave the country because she was wearing a veil. The veil remained a potent symbol of difference as colonialism collapsed after World War II and Muslims from colonized countries flocked to France. <CN> The veil is not mandatory in most Muslim countries. Let alone in countries with a quite different tradition.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> While the numbers are unclear, the French police estimate that only about 2,000 women in France wear the full facial veil out of a Muslim population of five million to six million. Prominent Muslims in France have said that the Koran does not require veils, but they also oppose a law that would single out Muslim women. Other in-depth but smaller-scale studies also have suggested that France's secular laws were facing a backlash from a minority of ultraconservative French Muslims. The Ifop poll found instead that French Muslims made up only 5.6 percent of the country's population older than 15, though they were younger on average. Notably, in this case as in several others, French Muslim women appeared to be more conservative than men, with 28 percent in favor vs. 20 percent of their male peers. <CN> The Muslim population in Italy amounts to less than 3% of the total. I do not think it is a number that would allow them to take the power in a few years.
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> "The controversy over the veils is similar to the debate in other Western countries over whether Muslim women should be allowed to wear garments that hide their faces in public. It's been more than five years since France unveiled its ban on the Muslim full-face veil, and remarkably little research has been done on how Muslims feel about it. If the state doesn't say 'stop,' the few wearing them today might be 2,000 in 10 years. The issue of the veil is more contentious within ostensibly Christian countries, where Muslim minorities may wish to wear the veil (as was the case in France) and laws are passed to take away that individual choice. While the veil issue has exacerbated tensions between non-Muslims and Muslims, it has also sparked passionate reactions within Muslim communities. <CN> Do you have any evidence that it happened in any European country, including those in which Muslims are more numerous?
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> And, btw., we've been on it for a few hundred years. Those Parisiens must of tired of having to buy a new car every few years. For anyone who has been following the Republican presidential campaign for the past few months, this statement will not elicit much surprise. According to Politifact, 84 percent of Ben Carson's statements that they've fact-checked are mostly false, false, or pants on fire untrue. I got a 3 day suspension from school for letting my hair touch the top of my ears, although that has been a few years. <CN> This statement that you express in this comment is false. Where did you get this information?
<HS> Muslims in a few years will impose their beliefs, and I want to see all the radical-chic bleeding hearts that will have to wear the veil! <knowl> "The veil debate has become part of a larger discussion in Britain about Muslims and religious tolerance, free expression, human rights, prejudice and security. The Angolan president, José Eduardo dos Santos, Africa's second-longest serving head of state at 34 years, has long been accused of corruption and human rights abuses. Supporters of the ban, wrote Scott, believed veils chipped away at the French ideal of the oneness, the sameness of all individuals, under the Tricoleur. France is a reference in terms of human rights, it's because this is a secular republic that integrates all children, whoever they are," noted Fillon. "The veil is not a requirement of Islam but a cultural one. <CN> The path of integration ensures that the respect for individual human rights is acquired. Living with us, and the example we give in this regard will also open their society.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> True christians would also protest Fred Phellps and his pathetic displays of hatred. The Christian Bible may say "God is love" but the Christian's pathetic, little god is a god of hatred and ignorance. The shame is, most of you really believe you are Christians. Sectarian violence continues with impunity against ethnic minority Christians and Muslims. Where this hatred comes from and why we will have to determine. <CN> All extremism causes hatred, even racists hate those who are not like them.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Any time you hear a Christian condemning Muslims for practicing their faith, that person is a fanatic. Across the 19 countries in the survey, Christians and Muslims both associated positive traits with the other religion. If Christians, Muslims etc have issues with being associated with Hindu practice, they should not consider practicing Yoga, it is that simple. It is upto the muslims to reclaim their religion, not the kafirs. Attacks against Christians have intensified as mistrust between Christians and Muslims deepens. <CN> Apart from a small intolerant portion, most Muslims are interested only in practicing their religion peacefully.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> This wasn't the first major Christian exodus from the Middle East, however. The Christian minority in the Middle East is important to prevent Muslim totalitarianism. There have been Christians in the Middle East since the time of, well, Christ. Other Christian populations in the Middle East have been almost entirely wiped out or displaced. But indigenous Christians across the Middle East have only recently come across the radar of American Christians. <CN> Well, you want to send in the middle of the sea poor persons, who hates whom?
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> It was Christian slaveholders' worst nightmare—a potential holy war on every plantation. But life has not been easy for Egyptian Christians under Mubarak, as they complained of discrimination and at times persecution. Or maybe you and the "experts" took a ride in the imaginary Time Machine to be able to make such a statement. In a recent book, he reports that Israeli Christians' median age is 30, compared with 31 for Israeli Jews and only 19 for Israeli Muslims. Among religiously unaffiliated adults, the youngest had an extra 2.9 years in school, overtaking Christians for the number of school years for this age group. <CN> Do you suffer from some nightmare or go backwards with the time machine, to the stone age?
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Any war for religion conflicts with the peaceful traditions of Jews, Catholics, Protestants, Muslims, Mormons and others. Tipu became infuriated with the Christians of Canara for two reasons . Many Christians were allegedly recruited into the army of General Matthews . Muslims see Christians as tolerant, honest and respectful of women; Christians say Muslims are honest, devout and respectful of women. With this emphasis there is no possibility of a Christian-Muslim alliance. <CN> I met Muslims and they have no feeling of hatred towards Catholics.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> I'm not saying Christians are more to blame than Muslims for the world's diverse Christian-Muslim tensions. The mention of Christians attacking Muslims or Jews attacking Muslims is Huckabee blasphemy. Christians at their worst have tended to be Christians in control, historically speaking. And you tell us that the muslims do not take the Koran literally? Under Sharia law do Christians and Jews get taxed the same as Muslims?7. <CN> Muslims don't hate Christians. Christians have much in common with Muslims in the religious field. Furthermore, the Koran proclaims religious tolerance.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> The country stands today as an unfortunate example of religious abuse. The unwillingness to look at facts and understand them is the root of much of the problems in religious discussions. Our country had many heated debates about the importance of religious freedom. True christians would also protest Fred Phellps and his pathetic displays of hatred. <CN> The hatred against the West is not necessarily religious: much of this hatred has been developed as a result of the actions of Western countries at their home.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Attacks against Christians have intensified as mistrust between Christians and Muslims deepens. "When they kill Christians in the north, Christians in the south will retaliate against Muslims," he says. Some Egyptian Christians have been killed by Muslims in recent years. Iraq a mostly Christian BEFORE the Muslim religion was even invented. "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. <CN> Muslims don't hate Christians. Some people, fanatical and radicalized, want to cancel the other, it is on those that are necessary to act.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> The most populous country in Africa, Nigeria is almost evenly divided between Muslims and Christians. "This persecution affects Christians just as it does Muslims, Jews, Bahá'ís and people of other faiths. According to copies of classroom assignments, the school taught that Most Muslims' faith is stronger than the average Christian. Enough damage has been done already, by both Christians and Muslims. "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. <CN> It does not seem to me that most Muslims hate Christians: only a fraction kills for the faith, but can we consider them truly religious?
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Attacks against Christians have intensified as mistrust between Christians and Muslims deepens. Abrahamic religion, be it Christian, Jewish, or Muslim, is the root of all evil in the world. "When they kill Christians in the north, Christians in the south will retaliate against Muslims," he says. I'm not saying Christians are more to blame than Muslims for the world's diverse Christian-Muslim tensions. Some Egyptian Christians have been killed by Muslims in recent years. <CN> Not all Muslims are against Christians, the ones you mention are only a small part that does not represent the Islamic religion.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> If so, it says more about Christian lack of faith than anything else. Differences between Muslim, Jewish and Christian interpretations of God are due to errors that crept into the other two faiths, Islam teaches. In any case, it is certainly a fusion of practices from other, pre-existing faith traditions. There is hardly a "Christian" belief or symbol that wasn't used by some other religion first. The Buddha was the founder of the practice of monasticism which was eventually adopted by other religions. <CN> Tolerance of others' religions must be mutual. You cannot convict a person based on his faith.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Muslims see Christians as tolerant, honest and respectful of women; Christians say Muslims are honest, devout and respectful of women. Even non-violent Muslims and Christians, like Aslan and myself, understand that we hold aggressively oppositional views—particularly about Jesus. Last summer, Reverend Vines described the prophet Muhammad as a ''demon-possessed pedophile. But is "Black Jesus" appropriate satire, and does it do anything to harm Christianity?As a Christian myself, I like the idea of seeing Jesus return in various guises, skin colors, outfits and social contexts. People feel free to mock Christianity and Jesus, but they hesitate to mock Mohammed. <CN> The Muslims respect Christianity. Jesus is for them a prophet like Muhammad.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> It's not only Christians in Africa who experience their religion passionately, either. In most cases, the Christian victims are asked to give up their rights. In this atmosphere, Muslims and Christians not only live side-by-side, but are intimate friends. Just ask the 7 million Lebanese Christians who fled the country and are currently living outside Lebanon. In 2003, when the Americans invaded, there were an estimated 1.5 million Christians living in Iraq. <CN> I'm sorry if you have had such a dramatic experience, I assure you that living together may also be non-traumatic, and that in most cases it is.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Some Egyptian Christians have been killed by Muslims in recent years. "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. It was Christians, not Muslims, who formed the majority in the Caliphate. Christian-Muslim relations in Egypt have been contentious, particularly in recent months. Rather than fight for the rights of Christians, the Muslim mob attacked them. <CN> It's not absolutely true. There are millions of perfectly integrated Muslims.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Today, the Christian population has dwindled to fewer than 400,000 — and many are on the run from Islamic State. Judaism, Christianity and Islam are NOT evil and do NOT promote evil. Ethiopia long has drawn the anger of Islamic extremists over its military's attacks on neighboring Somalia, whose population is almost entirely Muslim. Social media has allowed religious extremists to push their message beyond geographical boundaries. It's not only Christians in Africa who experience their religion passionately, either. <CN> If you refer to extremists those exist in every religion and faith, it has nothing to do with Islam.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Christians fear things can only get worse, and with good reason, according to experts. American Muslims and Christians are people with a publicly professed interest in serving our Creator. But it's also hard enough without the un-Christian antics of people like David Caton. God attain affairs of universe galaxies and requisites of billions of people insects animals and trillions of thing simultaneously. Egypt has the largest Christian population in the Arab World, about 10 percent of the nation's 85 million people. <CN> It is ridiculous that as a result of a few extremists there are people who say these things.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> For Christians, Jesus Christ has told us to go out and preach. The Catholic Church has taught since the Second Vatican Council that Muslims and Christians worship one God, though they view Jesus differently. As Christians around the world remember Jesus' birth, perhaps we can think of Mr. Ibrahim and those Christians still suffering in Gaza and Bethlehem. Some Egyptian Christians have been killed by Muslims in recent years. Security forces arrived, and 20 Muslims and 17 Christians were arrested. <CN> And to think that a certain Jesus said that we are all equal, but someone must have misunderstood.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> The rest of Parliament consists mostly of moderate Muslims and their Christian allies. Though Christians make up between 3-6% of Jordan's population, Muslims and Christians alike reject the term 'minority' to describe the community. Alas, they're Christians who favor assertive proselytizing but are offended by any suggestion that Muslims and Christians might worship the same god. They know firsthand the horrors of the bloody internal war between the Muslims and Christians. Some 43 percent of Christians across the region see Muslims as violent, while 20 percent of Muslims see Christians as violent, the study found. <CN> You should read less novels of political fiction. The idea that Muslims want to kill all the Christians is meaningless.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Some Egyptian Christians have been killed by Muslims in recent years. "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. The prayer called Jerusalem the spiritual home to Jews, Christians and Muslims. Christian-Muslim relations in Egypt have been contentious, particularly in recent months. Attacks against Christians have intensified as mistrust between Christians and Muslims deepens. <CN> Do you ever met a Muslim who has told you to hate Christians?
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Gosh, could it be that fundamentalist Christians dislike ALL other religions? Conservative Christianity made that attack successful beyond Bin Laden's wildest dreams. Christian Copts are under attack, but not in an all-out jihad. It's not only Christians in Africa who experience their religion passionately, either. I do this in the name of religion because it excuses my violent behavior. <CN> Those that make attacks are not motivated by religion but by fanaticism that has nothing to do with religion, if not as an excuse.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Here, Christians are once again blamed for the onset of violence by Muslims in the Holy Land, Caner told me. Isis has effectively ended centuries of coexistence between Muslims and Christians in Syria and Iraq. Some discern a pattern of Mubarak provoking Muslim-Christian strife to distract Egyptians from government corruption. Some 43 percent of Christians across the region see Muslims as violent, while 20 percent of Muslims see Christians as violent, the study found. The answer written on the worksheet - the Christians harsh treatment of Muslims continues in the present day. <CN> In the UK there were in 2018 71,000 incidents of violence against Muslims. Perhaps there are more Christians who hate Muslims, don't you think?
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> It's a right that, ironically, Christians do not have in many Muslim countries. In many Muslim countries, Christians are not allowed to put up new churches nor build any churches that are higher than mosques. Perhaps Christians might try studying Christianity instead of Islam, something they lack any understamnding of. Particularly insidious in conservative Muslim countries is the idea that anyone born Muslim cannot become a Christian. Both Christians and Jews believe in only one God - Christians three persons and Islam and Judaism one person. <CN> In almost all Muslim countries there are Christian churches. Islam isn't intolerant against Christianity.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Some Egyptian Christians have been killed by Muslims in recent years. Security forces arrived, and 20 Muslims and 17 Christians were arrested. "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. The divisions between Christianity and Islam are more than symbolic in Nigeria. The Christian population in Egypt may be small, but it's determined. <CN> How can you say that they want to kill us all?
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> You deny the christian and the jews the right to their own religion. The mention of Christians attacking Muslims or Jews attacking Muslims is Huckabee blasphemy. Christians at their worst have tended to be Christians in control, historically speaking. Under Sharia law do Christians and Jews get taxed the same as Muslims?7. The Murder of US Ally President Gaddaffi the Collaborator to the Christians, Jews, Unbelievers. <CN> In the Koran it is clearly said that Christians and Jews should be respected.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Iraq a mostly Christian BEFORE the Muslim religion was even invented. The mention of Christians attacking Muslims or Jews attacking Muslims is Huckabee blasphemy. Posted by: edbyronadams | January 11, 2010 11:53 AM Report Offensive CommentAre Christians attacking Muslims world-wide? Christians with christians, jews with jews, muslims with muslims etc....personnaly I'll fly with the atheists. Since Friday, several Republican presidential candidates have called for Christian refugees to receive different treatment than Muslim refugees. <CN> Let's not generalize. Being a Muslim does not mean being criminals and terrorists.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Let us first ask all the victims of Islamic terrorism and violence, who are mostly muslim by the way. Those people clearly believe that Islam is a religion of violence. The history of Islam and violence is not subtle or vague. I could cite many, many more acts of violence like that. So this cannot by any stretch of the imagination be called terrorism. <CN> The image that the media give of Islam, as a warmongering religion, which seeks to conquer the West and to fight Christians in the world, is false and instrumental. It was clearly said to Vatican Radio by the great imam Ahmad al-Tayyib, recently received from Pope Francis: 'Islam has nothing to do with terrorism. And those who kill Muslims and even kill Christians have misunderstood Islam texts either intentionally or through negligence. ' the University of Cairo that he heads is committed to clarify the concepts of the Koran, which are diverted from armed movements that use violence and terrorism, claiming to work for peace. 'we cannot blame religions,' added the Grand Imam, 'because of the deviations of some of their followers.'.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Trump not denouncing false statements about POTUS & hateful rhetoric about Muslims is disturbing, & just plain wrong. Donald Trump not denouncing false statements about POTUS & hateful rhetoric about Muslims is disturbing, & just plain wrong. Earlier, Clinton tweeted: Donald Trump not denouncing false statements about POTUS & hateful rhetoric about Muslims is disturbing, & just plain wrong. The bigger issue is that Obama is waging a war against Christians in this country, the Trump campaign said in a statement. <CN> This statement that you express in this comment seems wrong. Could you send me the source where you have obtained it?
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. There are a number of Christians Brian knows who are doing this. Attacks against Christians have intensified as mistrust between Christians and Muslims deepens. Perhaps Christians might try studying Christianity instead of Islam, something they lack any understamnding of. "When they kill Christians in the north, Christians in the south will retaliate against Muslims," he says. <CN> Christians have set up crusades under the excuse of 'exterminating the infidels', we never heard about Muslims doing something like this.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Jesus was a prophet, but no more divine than other prophets. In many ways, this conflict is larger than Christianity and Islam. The prophet Mohammed's charter with Christians worldwide concludes, "We defend Christians. ... Jesus is one of the most revered and beloved figures in Islam. I mean nutters like this represent Islam like Fred Phelps represents Christianity. <CN> Islam also mentions Jesus as a prophet, it never claimed to want to eliminate Christians, you hurt all of us saying things like that.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> In most cases, the Christian victims are asked to give up their rights. The answer written on the worksheet - the Christians harsh treatment of Muslims continues in the present day. Some Egyptian Christians have been killed by Muslims in recent years. "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. Christian-Muslim relations in Egypt have been contentious, particularly in recent months. <CN> The majority of Muslims live together peacefully with Christians without creating any problem. Terrorists in most cases were not even practicing Muslims.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> "5.18" : And the Jews and the Christians say: We are the sons of Allah and His beloved ones. Both are examples of religious people seizing the opportunity to use civil law to impose their religious beliefs on everyone. Arlington, Va.: Is their more than one version of the Quran? They are part of the eternal, unchanging word of Allah, and just as relevant or subjective as anything else in the Quran. <CN> In the Quran, there is no sura ordering Muslims to kill people who do not believe in Allah. There is also a chapter which enunciates a principle of religious tolerance.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> "When they kill Christians in the north, Christians in the south will retaliate against Muslims," he says. Some Egyptian Christians have been killed by Muslims in recent years. Sectarian violence continues with impunity against ethnic minority Christians and Muslims. "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. Muslims see Christians as tolerant, honest and respectful of women; Christians say Muslims are honest, devout and respectful of women. <CN> Muslims do not hate Christians. They simply profess a religion different from ours that, however, is based on love and brotherhood.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Many commenters are critical of American Muslims; many others sympathetic and supportive. American Christians - myself included - are part of a global oil-based economy. State regulations ban a list of words, including Allah, in any non-Muslim context. The impact of Christians in the kingdom far-exceeds their small proportion of the population. Depending on the country, Christian proselytizers may be of various nationalities and use various methods. <CN> I read a lot of anger in your words, maybe we should all learn to be more open and sympathetic towards others.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Iraq a mostly Christian BEFORE the Muslim religion was even invented. Across the 19 countries in the survey, Christians and Muslims both associated positive traits with the other religion. Soothing misunderstandings between American Christians and American Muslims begins with a renewed national commitment to the free exercise of religion. Muslims see Christians as tolerant, honest and respectful of women; Christians say Muslims are honest, devout and respectful of women. Enough damage has been done already, by both Christians and Muslims. <CN> Although many newspapers tend to create this impression, non-tolerant Muslims are very few. Most do not want to impose their religion.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Which sacred text says that Jesus is the word of God? Iraq a mostly Christian BEFORE the Muslim religion was even invented. In many ways, this conflict is larger than Christianity and Islam. That includes Christians, but it's not exclusively Christians by any means. <CN> Muslims do not hate Christians. Indeed they want to co-exist peacefully. In their sacred text, it is indicated that those who follow another religion can safely do it, without the two religions entering in conflict.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> I'm not saying Christians are more to blame than Muslims for the world's diverse Christian-Muslim tensions. Security forces arrived, and 20 Muslims and 17 Christians were arrested. Muslims dominate the meat industry in many parts of the country. "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. Attacks against Christians have intensified as mistrust between Christians and Muslims deepens. <CN> There are definitely (few) people who hate Christians. There are Christians who have killed and destroyed entire Muslim countries, raped their daughters and killed their wives.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Attacks against Christians have intensified as mistrust between Christians and Muslims deepens. "When they kill Christians in the north, Christians in the south will retaliate against Muslims," he says. Some Egyptian Christians have been killed by Muslims in recent years. "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. I'm not saying Christians are more to blame than Muslims for the world's diverse Christian-Muslim tensions. <CN> And reading it we can say that Christians hate Muslims.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> The Crusades had minimal impact on the Muslim attitude toward Christianity. We respect the Christian and Jewish faiths why not the Islamic one. Obama, Gilmore thundered, has offended every believing Christian in the United States. If one is a Christian, one is supposed to imitate the Christ. I hate it when I hear someone say, "I am a Christian." <CN> Are we still in the Crusades? I thought it was 2019 .
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Attacks against Christians have intensified as mistrust between Christians and Muslims deepens. As a result, Christians gained an educational edge over Muslims that lasted decades. Muslims see Christians as tolerant, honest and respectful of women; Christians say Muslims are honest, devout and respectful of women. "When they kill Christians in the north, Christians in the south will retaliate against Muslims," he says. I'm not saying Christians are more to blame than Muslims for the world's diverse Christian-Muslim tensions. <CN> Muslims do not hate anyone, they pray God as Christians, individuals sometimes hate and kill.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Issa of the Koran is not the Jesus of the Bible. How many christian majority countries do you know which have all their laws out of bible? There will be separate prayer spaces for Muslims, Christians, Jews, and men and women of other faiths. Both Islam and Christianity have a goal of spreading their faith to every corner of the earth. The group further estimates that Christians, as members of the largest faith, represent 75% of those weathering intolerance. <CN> The Koran is a book similar to the Bible, written in Arabic. No one wants to kill their own brothers of faith.
<HS> Muslims hate Christians. They want to kill all of us. <knowl> Issa does not like to ascribe the term ânational unity" to Christian-Muslim relations in the West Bank. Some Egyptian Christians have been killed by Muslims in recent years. "Christians preach to Muslims, and Muslims try to do the same. Christian-Muslim relations in Egypt have been contentious, particularly in recent months. The Christian minority in the Middle East is important to prevent Muslim totalitarianism. <CN> Actually, Muslims have varied and beneficial business relations with the West, I do not think they want to kill us.
<HS> Islam can't be our future! <knowl> Nationalism of the Islamic Resistance Movement is part of its religion. If all religions ... we would have more peace in the world. I have always hoped that our religions could just get along. Abusing any part ofPalestine is abuse directed against part of religion. I think that people shouldn't be discriminated because of their religion. <CN> But who says it has to be our future? Religions can live together!
<HS> In Italy is taking place a real religious replacement. <knowl> Given our habits of viewing art aesthetically and psychologically rather than religiously, paintings that involve the appropriation of Christian imagery from antique pictures do not necessarily read as expressions of faith. But it is hard to think of many great contemporary visual artists who have made Christian faith central to their work. Desolate and almost stripped of her belief , Marie turned to the religious teachings of the Bahá 'í Faith , which she found " vastly appealing " . He is renowned for his openness to other branches of the Christian faith - and also a lover of fine watches, luxury cars and comfortable living. He was bishop of Banat, in western Romania, from 1992 until his death. <CN> The largest group of foreigners in Italy is Romania that professes the Orthodox - Christian faith.
<HS> There are many of them and they will conquer the world. <knowl> Some Westerners even put pressure on the Sherpas to do it faster. But instead the western response too often has been what about us?. Westerners, on the other hand, will be flown out, treated and become near-celebrities. Westerners, generally, head to the Republic, although both parts are said to be safe. It made me think about what rich white westerners are doing to the world. <CN> I do not think so, we westerners will arrive sooner to destroy the world.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> That's a lack of respect for the game and a [lack of] respect for what players have to do to get where they are. It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. <CN> Instead it is a sign of respect, not all of us profess the same religion.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. The artwork features a photograph of the crucifix submerged in the artist's urine. One of them depicts a man with his pants down and a crucifix in his rectum. The European Court of Human Rights ruled Friday that crucifixes are acceptable in Italian public school classrooms, in a decision that has implications in 47 countries. My first classroom, in a convent school in Rome, was adorned with a wooden crucifix in a corner. <CN> The public school is laic: the crucifix should not really be there.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> Legislation there, passed in 2004, bans all religious dress and symbols in schools under the justification of preserving its secular republican traditions. Next spring, Gereluk is publishing a book, Symbolic Clothing in Schools, which is a damning critique of the way England has tackled the wearing of religious symbols in schools. France banned Muslim head scarves in schools and government offices in 2004. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. · Of schools in France, Canada, the US and England, ours are the most inconsistent in the stances they take on this matter. <CN> Italy is a secular state. Our Constitution says that, so each school can decide whether to put the crucifix or not. In France, it is forbidden to show any religious symbols in schools. Everyone in Italy has the right to profess any religion.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. But ultimately the campaigns "did not represent a significant contribution," in part because of a lack of training and experience of Korean and U.S. personnel in guerrilla warfare. But the fact that some of the survivors in the refugee camps of Iraqi Kurdistan, which is still heavily patriarchal, have chosen this path indicates the influence of the radical Kurdish female guerrillas. These regiments were composed of troops from out of state , who sometimes mistreated local residents — further motivating the guerrillas and their supporters . But Liberal backbencher Linda Reynolds was offended at the lack of respect the Greens showed, saying she was "deeply angered and greatly saddened". <CN> Italy is a laic state and as such, schools and public offices should be free from any religious influence. Culture is too precious to be sold to these guerrillas.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "The group Jennings founded has also been accused of promoting homosexuality in schools. Many local Malay-Muslim accuse the authorities of widespread human rightsÂ abuses and a lack of respect for their religion, culture and language. The arrested New Zealander is not the first foreigner to be accused of a lack of respect for Buddhist values in a Southeast Asian country. At least three of the wounded were reportedly in critical condition. <CN> At school we should be taught to respect everyone, regardless of their religion.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. The European Court of Human Rights ruled Friday that crucifixes are acceptable in Italian public school classrooms, in a decision that has implications in 47 countries. And it certainly beats one of the ideas that surfaced in the Pew survey — that the government or politicians should act to stop the spread of fake news. The artwork features a photograph of the crucifix submerged in the artist's urine. Pope Francis agreed, memorably comparing the consumption of fake news to the eating of excrement. <CN> The one about the crucifix removed from schools is a fake news that people like a lot at Christmas.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> ""[Khloé] was frustrated by his lack of respect," the source said. It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. But a law dating from Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini's reign requiring the presence of crucifixes in schools has never been revoked. Working-class voters of the kind Thornberry is accused of mocking are not in short supply in Islington. <CN> In that sense there are more crucifixes in schools? To me it does not appear.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "Bale is a very good player," said the Argentinian, "but the numbers involved in this transfer show a lack of respect to the world in general. The Vatican didn't release the exact breakdown of their religious backgrounds, but said they came from various religious confessions. My 13-year-old articulated better than I ever could the value of a public school education in this city. <CN> Public education should be laic in respect of all religious confessions.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> One thing dress signalled was lack of respect for the environment. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. There have been a number of controversies surrounding officiating in all sports over the years, and it becomes part of the legend of the game. Crouch argues that the omnipresence of social media has created a new sort of shame culture. They weighted this number to rule out opportunistic vandals and multiplied it by the number of readers involved in editing the article to create an index of controversiality. <CN> Italy is a laic state and being a place of education for children should be an occasion of comparison between cultures, beyond these controversies.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> And most students in public schools do not consider themselves Christians. The artwork features a photograph of the crucifix submerged in the artist's urine. Finn Laursen believes millions of American children are no longer learning right from wrong, in part because public schools have been stripped of religion. Not an endorsement of a particular religion, but rather for the efficient running of the schools. The European Court of Human Rights ruled Friday that crucifixes are acceptable in Italian public school classrooms, in a decision that has implications in 47 countries. <CN> No one is preventing you from professing your religion, you can continue to be a Christian even if the crucifix isn't in schools.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. Jim Webb' s lack of respect for Anderson Cooper made him appear petulantRespect is imperative in discourse, whether in a debate round or a presidential debate. Speaking of the Christian cross in particular, Kennedy said it is wrong to view it merely as a religious symbol. But Liberal backbencher Linda Reynolds was offended at the lack of respect the Greens showed, saying she was "deeply angered and greatly saddened". <CN> Forcing to have in front of the eyes a religious symbol is respect.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> That's a lack of respect for the game and a [lack of] respect for what players have to do to get where they are. "Bale is a very good player," said the Argentinian, "but the numbers involved in this transfer show a lack of respect to the world in general. It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. <CN> I believe that the crucifix in school is a lack of respect for those who are not believers or have a different faith than Christianity.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. It is a matter of indifference to me whether there are crucifixes on the walls of public schools in Italy. The artwork features a photograph of the crucifix submerged in the artist's urine. One of them depicts a man with his pants down and a crucifix in his rectum. The European Court of Human Rights ruled Friday that crucifixes are acceptable in Italian public school classrooms, in a decision that has implications in 47 countries. <CN> Italy is a laic state. The crucifix should not be at school.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> "We really see it as a lack of respect not to appreciate the work that we do in schools. It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. It is at the forefront of the distrust and lack of respect between black men and black women. Florida State (13-0), an underdog by more than a touchdown, is supremely confident and will play the lack-of-respect card. <CN> The school is not a religious place but an educational place.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "Pure and simple, it's lack of respect for President Obama by Putin. Do the Falcons deserve the lack of respect oddsmakers and prognosticators are showing them? I was sickened by the lack of respect displayed by two protestors [sic] holding up demeaning signs — including one with Theo's name on it. <CN> At my child's school there is, and children from Muslim families do not say anything.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> Of course displaying of religious symbols is more important than undertdanding them. "The lack of clear guidelines exacerbates tensions between religious groups," says Gereluk. Next spring, Gereluk is publishing a book, Symbolic Clothing in Schools, which is a damning critique of the way England has tackled the wearing of religious symbols in schools. In 2004 it banned girls from wearing headscarves in state schools, along with other religious symbols such as crosses or turbans. Legislation there, passed in 2004, bans all religious dress and symbols in schools under the justification of preserving its secular republican traditions. <CN> The school is a lay institution, there should be no religious symbols of any kind.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. But Liberal backbencher Linda Reynolds was offended at the lack of respect the Greens showed, saying she was "deeply angered and greatly saddened". That's a lack of respect for the game and a [lack of] respect for what players have to do to get where they are. I was sickened by the lack of respect displayed by two protestors [sic] holding up demeaning signs — including one with Theo's name on it. <CN> I am not aware that they have been removed. From what can you do this statement?
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. Belgium too is reportedly seeking to emulate France by planning to ban religious symbols from its own courts, schools and offices. The artwork features a photograph of the crucifix submerged in the artist's urine. The Obama administration's hypocrisy and utter lack of respect for the religious beliefs of Americans has reached an all-time high, Grimm told Fox News. The European Court of Human Rights ruled Friday that crucifixes are acceptable in Italian public school classrooms, in a decision that has implications in 47 countries. <CN> In countries like France at school it is forbidden any religious symbol, from the crucifix to the islamic veil.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. Walk of shame sources tell us a short time later ... A still from the new VH1 show "Walk of Shame Shuttle." Feel free to dispute the results: Whether the fans of football schools are capable of feeling shame is part of the debate. <CN> It seems to me that the shame of the Italian school is very different.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> This Christmas season is a time of joy for people of all faiths. The artwork features a photograph of the crucifix submerged in the artist's urine. They must respect all faiths and counsel all service members, from devout Muslims to atheists. The latest wave of respectful atheist writing strikes me as a healthy step toward nuance. The first part of the report, published in February, depicted a fluid and diverse national religious life marked by people moving among denominations and faiths. <CN> At school there are people of all faiths and even atheists. Why should there be a crucifix?
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> That's a lack of respect for the game and a [lack of] respect for what players have to do to get where they are. It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. It's a lack of respect for a worthy player," Hitzfeld said. <CN> Is the presence of the crucifix the real lack of respect in a laic state.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> The arrested New Zealander is not the first foreigner to be accused of a lack of respect for Buddhist values in a Southeast Asian country. The European Court of Human Rights ruled Friday that crucifixes are acceptable in Italian public school classrooms, in a decision that has implications in 47 countries. "Muslims often have to challenge the status quo because of the Christian-Judeo bias in schools. There is no official prohibition in Denmark on wearing headscarves or other religious dress in public places and schools, but other countries have banned such symbols. It has left it to the discretion of school authorities to ban symbolic clothing where they see fit. <CN> Italy is a laic country, so in schools there should be no religious symbols otherwise symbols of all religions should be exposed.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. Scheduled for the weekend of Juneteenth, our Radical Pop-Up Schools celebrate the power of knowledge to transform lives. Half of the schools adopted a curriculum designed by the education theorist E. D. Hirsch Jr.'s Core Knowledge Foundation. They even included language stressing the importance of building knowledge systematically. In other contexts cultural stigma and the fear of leaks, lack of knowledge, or lack of menstrual materials force girls to stay home. <CN> To my knowledge, It does not result in crucifixes disappearing in schools.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. In many school districts around the country, religious organizations are permitted to use public schools for worship. The church of Santa Teresa in Milan was originally built in 1674, but closed for worship in the early 19th century. New York is the only major US school district to ban worship services in schools. While we review and revise the rules, groups currently permitted to use schools for worship will continue to be able to worship on school premises. <CN> Italy is a laic country, the school is a place for education and dialogue, not worship.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> It is a matter of indifference to me whether there are crucifixes on the walls of public schools in Italy. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. The artwork features a photograph of the crucifix submerged in the artist's urine. Crucifixes on the wall say this is what the state thinks about religion, and in the matter of religion, the state shouldn't think anything. The Obama administration's hypocrisy and utter lack of respect for the religious beliefs of Americans has reached an all-time high, Grimm told Fox News. <CN> Among all the problems of education in Italy, which are just so many, I would not put the crucifix, which is a religious symbol and as such should not be in schools in a laic state.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> That's a lack of respect for the game and a [lack of] respect for what players have to do to get where they are. It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. It's a lack of respect for a worthy player," Hitzfeld said. <CN> Italy is a laic state, imposing a religious symbol may instead be a lack of respect for those who profess a different religion.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. Charles Anderson of Columbus, Ohio I'm glad that the bill failed. "It's purely lack of respect," Trump told Fox News earlier this week, referring to relations between the two countries. "Pure and simple, it's lack of respect for President Obama by Putin. <CN> We live in a laic state, it is right that the crucifix is
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> "Mine are at home instead of being where they should be -- in a classroom, learning. The majority of her students excel in high school, and 97% matriculate to college or university. This sort of homegrown effort has created a patchwork effect; mindfulness might look a little different in every school. The pattern of exclusion suggests that schools are giving up on these children when they are barely out of diapers. The method has proven to work in diverse classrooms of students from all different cultures and socioeconomic backgrounds, she said. <CN> No one wants to impose the removal of the crucifix in the classroom. It would be nice that at school everyone would be free to believe what they want and children could share the beauty of having different cultures.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> That's a lack of respect for the game and a [lack of] respect for what players have to do to get where they are. But executive producer Peter Lenkov, in issuing a statement published by The Hollywood Reporter apologizing for the incident, also denied claims of a lack of respect. "Bale is a very good player," said the Argentinian, "but the numbers involved in this transfer show a lack of respect to the world in general. <CN> I do not see how in a secular country the lack of religious symbols in schools can be a lack of respect.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. The artwork features a photograph of the crucifix submerged in the artist's urine. It is a matter of indifference to me whether there are crucifixes on the walls of public schools in Italy. Grimm said the lack of response from the White House is unacceptable. Gascon later tweeted: most of them are sitting in front row seats. <CN> Disrespectful is to impose the crucifix to me, an agnostic.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> The European Court of Human Rights ruled Friday that crucifixes are acceptable in Italian public school classrooms, in a decision that has implications in 47 countries. "It's a lack of respect for the fan that bought tickets. It is a matter of indifference to me whether there are crucifixes on the walls of public schools in Italy. City officials say crucifixes can remain in much of a school building, but must be taken out of public pre-k classrooms. But a law dating from Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini's reign requiring the presence of crucifixes in schools has never been revoked. <CN> The crucifixes are still present in schools, as well as in other public places, so I do not see the problem.
<HS> It's a shame that there is no longer the crucifix in school, a lack of respect. <knowl> They argued it was "inhumane and degrading, against the right of respect for family and private life, freedom of thought, conscience and religion, freedom of speech and discriminatory". However, Article 14 does say: "States Parties shall respect the right of the child to freedom of thought, conscience and religion." That engagement is based on the provisions of Article 9 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which provides for freedom of thought, conscience and religion. The two authors claimed that in a string of cases, climaxed in the ''school prayer'' decisions of 1962 and 1963, the Justices had ''virtually eliminated...traditional theism'' from schools. It depicts North Korea as a place that "displays many attributes of a totalitarian state" with "almost complete denial of the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion. <CN> Freedom of thought, conscience and religion means that you have the right to profess your beliefs, not to impose it on others with symbols introduced in schools.
<HS> They come to submit to us. This is the ideological project that Islam has always pursued . <knowl> He writes that Islam is neither a distinctive social structure nor a heterogeneous collection of beliefs, artifacts, customs, and morals. Do I believe that every person who celebrates the holiday is racist? So I'm not surprised that the Sinterklaas tradition was so strong there. That's how you need to understand passages in the Quran, is in the context of the whole Quran and in the context of the whole Islamic tradition. "In 2007, Tennessee death row inmate Philip Workman, 53, requested that his final meal of vegetarian pizza be donated to a homeless person living near the Nashville prison. <CN> A person living in conditions of deep social problems and emigrating to another country exports its tradition and religion, and wants to maintain them, exactly as the host country wants to maintain its own. This does not mean submission, it means coexistence, exchange, mutual enrichment.
<HS> They come to submit to us. This is the ideological project that Islam has always pursued . <knowl> I do not believe that the Christian church can do much to influence the Islamic world through diplomacy. Students were also allegedly instructed that the Islamic religion is a fact while Christianity and Judaism are just beliefs. The lawsuit, filed in federal court, alleges that students spent only one day studying Christianity and two weeks studying Islam. At another level, the Pope was affirming the basic fact that Christianity and Islam offer very different understandings of reality. Sections that covered Christianity, she said, did not have such subsections. <CN> Islam, like Christianity, it has a message to bring: everyone is free to choose whether to listen or not, but no one has the ability nor the will to subjugate anyone.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> It's very special, because most of the churches in Rome are not round, says Ray. To take one oft-cited example, while Saudis contributed tens of millions of dollars to build Europes largest mosque in Rome, Christians cannot build churches in Saudi Arabia. Their newfound mobility is a boon to failing economies, especially in Europe. Michelangelo made spectacular contributions to a few buildings in Rome and Florence. But the Rev. Russell Richardson, pastor of Grace Baptist Church in Murfreesboro, disagrees. <CN> The largest mosque in Europe built decades ago, is situated in Rome, and has never created problems or competition.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Jaques said only one out of every five American Muslims attends the mosque on a regular basis. As the number of Muslims in the United States grows, mosques know they must expand as well. But the rise of the Muslim Community Center of Louisville and the expansion of other local mosques have taken place with relatively little fanfare or debate. Bagby says he reached the number by taking mosque attendance reported by the leadership and multiplying the average number of attendees by the number of mosques. One of France's top Muslim leaders has called for the number of mosques to double over the next two years to remedy a shortage of places of worship for the country's millions of faithful. <CN> The number of mosques is proportional to the number of Muslims permanently present in our area.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. Under Maj. Gen. Mohammed Buhari, General Babangida's predecessor, Christian schools were taken over by the state, and permits to build churches were held up while the construction of mosques increased. While the construction of mosques has sparked opposition in many European countries grappling with waves of Muslim immigration, minarets have been less controversial. In this age of loudspeakers, I can't see the point of minarets anyway," she said. Cazeneuve was speaking after a meeting with leaders of the French Council of the Muslim Religion. <CN> The construction of mosques can also facilitate the control of the state in any possible situation of radicalization.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> During the Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and '70s, many temples, mosques, churches and pagodas were destroyed. But a bomb in a church is worse than a stain. In 2013, twin blasts at a church in Peshawar killed 85 people. She says her Muslim friends observe that there are dozens of churches in town and wonder what is wrong with building one mosque. <CN> There are very few mosques in Italy compared to the churches.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> That has led many Muslim groups to design new mosques modeled after megachurches. the estimated 330,000 houses of worship in the United States, only 2,500 are mosques. Jaques said only one out of every five American Muslims attends the mosque on a regular basis. As the number of Muslims in the United States grows, mosques know they must expand as well. "Outside the church, a group of Muslims were applauded when they unfurled a banner: "Love for all. <CN> Try to inform yourself and you will see that it is not so. Indeed, precisely because the mosques are not so common it is difficult for many Italian Muslims to reach their place of worship.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Well, if it were that simple then there would be no need to build churches or mosques. It murdered and kidnapped Westerners, and started a bombing campaign that targeted churches, mosques and government buildings. The militant group has bombed schools, churches and mosques; kidnapped women and children; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders alike. Last year, more than 40,000 French citizens signed a petition declaring "hands off my church" after a Muslim leader made an off-the-cuff suggestion that France's empty churches could be repurposed as mosques. Their estimate that religious groups own $600 billion in property is also probably low, since it leaves out property besides actual churches, mosques, etc. <CN> The ratio between churches and mosques is obviously unbalanced in favour of the first.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> This is City Revival Church, one of the larger unofficial, or "house," churches in Beijing. They want their mosques to have the same kind of amenities that many churches offer. This contributes to a perception of public schools as Christian churches, but not synagogues or mosques. Would you have your wedding in a church or synagogue or mosque that welcomed gay ceremonies, too. <CN> Do you know how many mosques are there in Italy? 10, we have instead 66,994 churches, so what are you referring to exactly?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Although most churches engage in ecumenical dialogue with other Christians, those talks are usually bilateral. The Sunshine Coast church and Australian Christian Churches did not communicate with ALA's family until five years after Baldwin's conviction. A book found at a burned Coptic Christian church in Minya, Egypt. The provisional military government has pledged to rebuild Christian churches destroyed by mobs. Looking to crack down on church-related attacks, Egyptian authorities on Thursday referred 84 people in Suez, some Muslim Brotherhood protesters, to military prosecutors on charges of murder and burning churches, the MENA news agency said, Reuters reports. <CN> Christian churches can establish peaceful relations with Muslims. If we do not learn to talk we can never get to peaceful co-existence.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Well, if it were that simple then there would be no need to build churches or mosques. She says her Muslim friends observe that there are dozens of churches in town and wonder what is wrong with building one mosque. Their estimate that religious groups own $600 billion in property is also probably low, since it leaves out property besides actual churches, mosques, etc. In the past few months, several restaurants, shops, churches and a library have opened; there are numerous mosques, a school, and even a theatre. Many were already on alert for the kind of crimes that have plagued religious institutions for years: churches being burned, synagogues and mosques being desecrated. <CN> Unfortunately, we don't permit them to build mosques, showing that we are the intolerant fundamentalist.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Approved churches are crowded, but even more people attend the "black market" houses of worship, Yang says. The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. What happened that Sunday morning at People's Church was just one in a string of fatal shootings at houses of worship across the country. So many Chinese Christians instead attend house churches, which initially met in worshipers' homes. Nobody's freedom of worship is threatened, but a symbolic message has been sent. <CN> Competition but we're not talking about bars at all, uh?, there is freedom of worship in Italy.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> In 2013, twin blasts at a church in Peshawar killed 85 people. "Like many American mosques, the Islamic Center of Murfreesboro faces a dilemma. That has led many Muslim groups to design new mosques modeled after megachurches. But the Rev. Russell Richardson, pastor of Grace Baptist Church in Murfreesboro, disagrees. <CN> Not all Italians are Christians, and I think that the churches in Italy are not lacking. Certainly, it does not seem trivial to build as many mosques in the near future.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Although most churches engage in ecumenical dialogue with other Christians, those talks are usually bilateral. A rampaging mob was attacking Christian houses of worship, and Neal was the prominent leader of a Christian ministry in the mostly Muslim country. This contributes to a perception of public schools as Christian churches, but not synagogues or mosques. Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. <CN> Everyone has the right to pray in their own place of worship. Their mosques are not competing with the Christian churches, even between the two religions we can establish a relationship of dialogue.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. But look what happens when we get to freedom of religion. "We have a constitutional right to freedom of religion," she argues. You probably don't even understand the basic principles of "your" religion. "The fastest growing group of all is those with no religion," Roozen said. <CN> I do not think that religion is a matter of competition.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. But a bomb in a church is worse than a stain. "They have gone over to the Baptist church model," he said. In 2013, twin blasts at a church in Peshawar killed 85 people. <CN> But where? But why do you always have to say the usual falsehoods https://www.bufale.net/home/precisazioni-moschee-italia-chiese-arabia-saudita/.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Despite security fears after the Paris attacks, Pope Francis says the doors of Catholic churches around the world must remain open. Usually made of copper sheet , onion domes appear on Catholic churches all over southern Germany , Czech lands , Austria and Sardinia and Northeast Italy . Prior to the eighteenth century , the Russian Orthodox Church did not assign any particular symbolism to the exterior shape of a church . While the construction of mosques has sparked opposition in many European countries grappling with waves of Muslim immigration, minarets have been less controversial. Many non-Roman Catholic churches have benefited from close ties with American congregations, which send religious materials and volunteers to help sustain the churches. <CN> There are Catholic churches all around the world, even in non-Christian countries, so why would it not be correct to allow the construction of mosques in Italy?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. But look what happens when we get to freedom of religion. But Cragun is a serious sociologist of religion and the data seems to check out. Churches built before 1905 are the property of the state, which also pays for their upkeep. "Outside the church, a group of Muslims were applauded when they unfurled a banner: "Love for all. <CN> Do you say that they are competitors on the market of religion?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Jaques said only one out of every five American Muslims attends the mosque on a regular basis. As the number of Muslims in the United States grows, mosques know they must expand as well. "Outside the church, a group of Muslims were applauded when they unfurled a banner: "Love for all. But the rise of the Muslim Community Center of Louisville and the expansion of other local mosques have taken place with relatively little fanfare or debate. Bagby says he reached the number by taking mosque attendance reported by the leadership and multiplying the average number of attendees by the number of mosques. <CN> The number of mosques is proportionate to the amount of Muslims in the area.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Churches, synagogues, mosques and other places of worship were already exempt from the birth control coverage rule. Cazeneuve said 20 Muslim places of worship had been shut down in recent months due to extremism. "Elsanousi says there are many churches and even synagogues in America where Muslims share space with Christians. Two Protestant churches are taking some heat from critics for opening their church buildings to Muslims needing places to worship because their own facilities were either too small, or under construction. Churches, synagogues, mosques and other places of worship were already exempt, but some religious leaders wanted the exemption broadly expanded. <CN> In Italy Muslims are one million and three hundred thousand: it seems logical that they have places in which to pray.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The Orthodox churches are Catholic, the biggest headed by the Patriarch of Constantinople. Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. Still, of course, the communal experience of religion is what a "church," Catholic or otherwise, exists to promote. Membership in New England's Catholic churches is shrinking as older Catholics have died or moved to sunnier climates. The Anglican Communion (including the U.S. Episcopal Church) identifies as both Catholic and Protestant, headed by the Archbishop of Canterbury. <CN> They create spaces to practice their religion, I do not think that would bother the Catholics that already have their spaces.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> That has led many Muslim groups to design new mosques modeled after megachurches. The court case involved the Bronx Household of Faith - a church that paid weekly rent to hold worship services at a public school since 2002. This contributes to a perception of public schools as Christian churches, but not synagogues or mosques. Would you have your wedding in a church or synagogue or mosque that welcomed gay ceremonies, too. Well, if it were that simple then there would be no need to build churches or mosques. <CN> Better that people can pray in mosques open to the public rather than in secret.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. But when they see in Syria mosques and churches getting shelled. "They have gone over to the Baptist church model," he said. The group has killed more than 1,000 people this year in attacks on schools, churches and mosques and now poses a growing threat to neighboring Cameroon, he added. But the Rev. Russell Richardson, pastor of Grace Baptist Church in Murfreesboro, disagrees. <CN> Could you tell me exactly a source that would indicate a growing number of built mosques ?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Churches, synagogues, mosques and other places of worship were already exempt, but some religious leaders wanted the exemption broadly expanded. The judges also questioned how banning firearms in a place of worship violates religious freedoms. What happened that Sunday morning at People's Church was just one in a string of fatal shootings at houses of worship across the country. Ring the church bells for gay civil ceremonies -- technically still not gay marriage, however -- in British houses of worship. The Journey Church was founded nine years ago and for many of those years, the congregation has worshipped in public school buildings. <CN> We are a civilized country, why should we deny the construction of places of worship to religious communities?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Though the lack of segregation in churches was not for want of trying. This contributes to a perception of public schools as Christian churches, but not synagogues or mosques. As the number of Muslims in the United States grows, mosques know they must expand as well. Bagby says he reached the number by taking mosque attendance reported by the leadership and multiplying the average number of attendees by the number of mosques. A lot of churches are going to be homeless, said George Russ, executive director of the New York Metropolitan Baptist Association. <CN> If you would inform yourself and you would make a comparison between the number of churches and the number of mosques you would understand that what you are saying is false. And the number of mosques is far inferior to the number of churches.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> In May, hundreds of Muslims set fire to homes of Christians in Minya. "Outside the church, a group of Muslims were applauded when they unfurled a banner: "Love for all. The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. But general population surveys suggest a much lower number of Muslims. The number of people in crisis calling and showing up at the doors of the area's churches, synagogues, mosques and temples is escalating. <CN> The number of Muslims who have committed certain massacres is insignificant compared to the total number of people living in our cities. Generalizing is always wrong, while condemning the individual crimes.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Well, if it were that simple then there would be no need to build churches or mosques. Throughout the week that followed, several family members and leaders in the community reiterated calls for increased surveillance at mosques. The 51 Park cultural center is not the only Muslim community having extreme problems with building or expanding their mosques. She says her Muslim friends observe that there are dozens of churches in town and wonder what is wrong with building one mosque. Pastor William Rench of Calvary Baptist Church, next door to the proposed mosque site, said he now expected opposition to the mosque plan to harden. <CN> Why where there is a Muslim community there shouldn't be a mosque?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The targeting of mosques and Muslim communities is becoming a concern for Muslims around the country. What happened that Sunday morning at People's Church was just one in a string of fatal shootings at houses of worship across the country. The abuse of secularism by the right-wing parties of Europe to exclude Muslims is fundamentally undemocratic. Churches, synagogues, mosques and other places of worship were already exempt, but some religious leaders wanted the exemption broadly expanded. But, she added, even a lot of Muslims want people vetted. . . . <CN> Italy is a secular country and Muslims have every right to build places of worship in which the community can come together and pray.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> That has led many Muslim groups to design new mosques modeled after megachurches. But the rise of the Muslim Community Center of Louisville and the expansion of other local mosques have taken place with relatively little fanfare or debate. Bagby says he reached the number by taking mosque attendance reported by the leadership and multiplying the average number of attendees by the number of mosques. One of France's top Muslim leaders has called for the number of mosques to double over the next two years to remedy a shortage of places of worship for the country's millions of faithful. Jaques said only one out of every five American Muslims attends the mosque on a regular basis. <CN> There are also many Italian Muslims why we stop them from practising their beliefs? Why do we give this opportunity only to Catholics? Why do mosques bother you? And then I assure you that the number of mosques is negligible compared to the number of Catholic churches.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> There are 2.8 million Catholics served by the churches, according to the archdiocese, but only about 346,000 showed up for Mass on an average Sunday last year. ISTANBUL — Pope Francis and his counterpart in the Orthodox Church on Sunday vowed to work together to prevent an exodus of Christians from the Middle East, and they called for constructive dialogue with Muslims to resolve conflicts in the embattled region and around the world. On Sunday night, Shouwang's Web site was blocked and its chief pastor, Jin Tianming, could not be reached by phone. Benedict on Sunday said he was "making an apostolic journey to Cyprus, to meet and pray with the Catholic and Orthodox faithful there. Bartholomew of the Orthodox Church said in a common declaration issued here on the last leg of a three-day papal visit to Turkey. <CN> How would you feel if for going to church on Sunday you should go to another region?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The Journey Church was founded nine years ago and for many of those years, the congregation has worshipped in public school buildings. Officially, China allows freedom of worship for five religions: Protestantism, Catholicism, Buddhism, Islam and Taoism. Approved churches are crowded, but even more people attend the "black market" houses of worship, Yang says. But look what happens when we get to freedom of religion. They now start using the term freedom of worship, which, how many people think all that religion is all about is worship? <CN> In Italy, there is freedom of worship, so anyone is free to practice their religion by any means that seems appropriate, then also with building places of worship.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Latin America and the Caribbean contain an estimated 425 million Catholics, more than a third of the church's faithful worldwide. The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. He said that the constitution protects all faiths, even unpopular ones. But a bomb in a church is worse than a stain. "They have gone over to the Baptist church model," he said. <CN> No, it is a need that can be shared, no Catholic faithful is competing with others to pray.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The place has, at least for a time, become the church. The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. But there are signs that church construction may be bottoming out. An attorney representing the church said they would appeal the ruling. "They have gone over to the Baptist church model," he said. <CN> And where did you take the data to make this statement from?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> He said authorities are reinforcing security at the 481 remaining churches across the city. Most mosques are in cities, but suburban sites rose from 16% in 2000 to 28% in 2010. I've got places to go, from schools to community centers to prisons to churches to mosques to universities to trade unions. Their estimate that religious groups own $600 billion in property is also probably low, since it leaves out property besides actual churches, mosques, etc. Starting Friday morning in Tripoli, pro-Qaddafi militiamen set up heavy security around many mosques in the city, trying to prevent any opposition gatherings. <CN> It does not seem to me that there are so many mosques in our cities. Could you provide me some data about their number?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The insides of churches, synagogues or mosques all look very different. Not all religion researchers are interested in more reliable population counts. But general population surveys suggest a much lower number of Muslims. "They have gone over to the Baptist church model," he said. And there is a long tradition that churches are different, she said. <CN> The Muslim population has the right to practice their beliefs.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> "The number of Christians is growing - they cannot fight it. Father Parichha said that about 90 places of worship, including small churches and prayer halls, had been burned down. Churches, synagogues, mosques and other places of worship were already exempt, but some religious leaders wanted the exemption broadly expanded. The new spread of Christianity has the Communist Party scratching its head. The church complex occupies more than 100,000 square feet of land. <CN> Like all faithful they need places of worship. Christians have churches all over the world.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Sure, you don't need God, or church, to be happy or healthy. The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. Oxytocin reduces stress responses and having more relationships make us happy. "They have gone over to the Baptist church model," he said. You can sing along with a new tablet hymnal from Church Publishing. <CN> I do not see the problem, so we are all happy, they pray to their god and we pray to ours.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. "They have gone over to the Baptist church model," he said. In 2013, twin blasts at a church in Peshawar killed 85 people. Laws was awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal , and Churches , the British Empire Medal . <CN> From what source did you obtain this information? Can you send me the sources, please?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Mr Sarkozy believes it makes sense to consider ways of helping mainstream Muslim churches build conventional mosques. Could it affect or change outcomes in places with large Muslim populations? The various figures represent people of different faiths in a moment of prayer . McFarland says it's good to remember the "political ramifications" of Muslim-Christian interaction. And in a matter of seconds, the congregation's sense of sanctuary would be shattered. <CN> Our constitution guarantees freedom of worship, so it makes sense that Muslims have places of prayer for them.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> In addition to pre-Islamic sites, the militants have also targeted churches, mosques and museums. It murdered and kidnapped Westerners, and started a bombing campaign that targeted churches, mosques and government buildings. However, many of them were re-Islamified by the Salafist clerics and teachers from the Great Mosque. By the way, there has always been mosques and thousands of Muslims who reside near Ground Zero. The people of Kukawa were in several mosques, praying ahead of breaking their daylong fast, when the extremists attacked. <CN> It does not appear to me that so many mosques have been built in recent years, yet it would be a better way also to isolate the extremists.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Over the centuries, devastating wars across Europe have also provided lessons for peaceful coexistence. A peaceful coexistence, however uneasy, is for now in the interests of both men. Having already witnessed fairly smooth relations after the 1929 Lantern treaty between Mussolini's fascist regime and the church in Italy, many German Catholics ''accepted the Nazi proposition'' of peaceful coexistence. That person may have distracting idiosyncrasies, but with a little communication, patience and sound-canceling headphones, peaceful coexistence is possible. Peaceful coexistence has largely prevailed in the city that has pride itself on strong ties between people of different faiths. <CN> Why must we create a competition between different religions? Wouldn't it be better to establish a peaceful coexistence?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> This is City Revival Church, one of the larger unofficial, or "house," churches in Beijing. The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. Black churches in particular have a long history of being targeted. But the Rev. Russell Richardson, pastor of Grace Baptist Church in Murfreesboro, disagrees. The disparity emerges in which children actually show up in churches, temples and mosques. <CN> The number of mosques in Italy is insignificant compared to the churches and there is no data to show that this number is likely to increase so sharply.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The place has, at least for a time, become the church. But a bomb in a church is worse than a stain. An attorney representing the church said they would appeal the ruling. "They have gone over to the Baptist church model," he said. There are no special benefits given to churches, he told Fox News Radio. <CN> Do you not believe that everyone should be free to practice their religion?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. At Churches Set to Close, Faithful Seek Help From Some Who Fought Back. This means supporting our churches faithfully through the stewardship of our time, energy, and assets. the estimated 330,000 houses of worship in the United States, only 2,500 are mosques. On Monday morning, church officials said that 16 of those detained were still in police custody. <CN> The number of mosques is related to the number of the faithful.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Today, the church, consecrated in 1294, could hardly be more popular. This weighs on everyone, because Jerusalem is more than a place on the map: culturally it is the portal to heaven, perhaps even heaven itself. The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. Newton, who has worked on church building projects for about 20 years, has seen a trend toward building cafes and larger lobbies to give people more places to gather. "They have gone over to the Baptist church model," he said. <CN> Competition is good for the free market, perhaps with more choice, we earn heaven.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Some Christian churches recently have gained attention for lending their space for Muslim worship. Ring the church bells for gay civil ceremonies -- technically still not gay marriage, however -- in British houses of worship. Churches, synagogues, mosques and other places of worship were already exempt, but some religious leaders wanted the exemption broadly expanded. The church, along with five dozen other congregations, was allowed to continue worshipping at public schools pending the outcome of the lawsuit. The Journey Church was founded nine years ago and for many of those years, the congregation has worshipped in public school buildings. <CN> The right to worship is provided by our constitution. It is right that they have ufficial and suitable places for prayer, where everything takes place according to established norms with local authorities.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Fewer than 300 churches had been demolished between 1905 and 2014, the newspaper reported, out of more than 42,000 in total, with most recent demolitions occurring in now-dormant industrial areas. the estimated 330,000 houses of worship in the United States, only 2,500 are mosques. He spoke of "mosques, temples and churches" as central to the life of villages in the developing world. Ring the church bells for gay civil ceremonies -- technically still not gay marriage, however -- in British houses of worship. The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. <CN> The right of worship is universal and I do not believe that Muslims couldn't profess freely their faith in Italy. We have to talk to them and not be afraid to approach. Only then, we will reach the total tolerance between religions.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> Eight states prohibit concealed carry permit holders from carrying guns into places of worship; other states leave it up to the place of worship. Churches, synagogues, mosques and other places of worship were already exempt from the birth control coverage rule. "There is no official position that targets the destruction or closure of places of worship, whichever they are. Dozens of computer displays have taken the place of the altar. The attack on Father Hamel at a place of worship stunned France. <CN> No one wants to have more places of worship for others. There are citizens who want a place of worship close to home.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> They want their mosques to have the same kind of amenities that many churches offer. To deal with that problem, many churches now accept only debit cards. Like many churches, Mr. Oliver used bond financing, not a straight mortgage, to fund construction. This contributes to a perception of public schools as Christian churches, but not synagogues or mosques. Would you have your wedding in a church or synagogue or mosque that welcomed gay ceremonies, too. <CN> Try to see how many churches there are in Italy and how many mosques. If you lived in Dubai, and the situation was reversed, wouldn't you want that there was at least one church?
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> This contributes to a perception of public schools as Christian churches, but not synagogues or mosques. Would you have your wedding in a church or synagogue or mosque that welcomed gay ceremonies, too. Should churches -- or synagogues or mosques -- share their spaces?To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor. It murdered and kidnapped Westerners, and started a bombing campaign that targeted churches, mosques and government buildings. The militant group has bombed schools, churches and mosques; kidnapped women and children; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders alike. <CN> I do not see which competition can exist between the churches and the mosques, we can go to one or the other according to our faith. They are not supermarkets that offer discounts.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> All Saints Church therefore received the congregation from the northern part of the Church of Christ the King 's parish . The church remains in use but as of 2013 there is no parish priest . Bewbush is served by St Mary Magdalene 's Church in the far southwest of the parish . The parish priest is of Congolese ancestry; the town's mosque opened in 2000 on land donated by the Catholic parish. Other examples included James Playfair 's chapel - like Farnell Church ( c . 1789 ) and Richard Crichton 's towered Craig Parish Church ( 1799 ) . <CN> Let's hope they call good architects, my parish seems a huge garage of concrete.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> This contributes to a perception of public schools as Christian churches, but not synagogues or mosques. As the number of Muslims in the United States grows, mosques know they must expand as well. Bagby says he reached the number by taking mosque attendance reported by the leadership and multiplying the average number of attendees by the number of mosques. I am the Executive Director of the Greater Los Angeles Area office of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR). A lot of churches are going to be homeless, said George Russ, executive director of the New York Metropolitan Baptist Association. <CN> The number of mosques is irrelevant in relation to the number of churches.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> This is City Revival Church, one of the larger unofficial, or "house," churches in Beijing. Like Mr. Schönborn, the churches of Europe should reassert the fundamental values of their religions. He spoke of "mosques, temples and churches" as central to the life of villages in the developing world. But the court determined that allowing churches to use schools resulted in an unintended bias in favor of Christian religions - since most Christian churches worship on Sunday. "We have a constitutional right to freedom of religion," she argues. <CN> Who requires the construction of mosques is not interested in competing with those who go to church, but simply in creating a place to practice their religion.
<HS> They began to build mosques everywhere, and so they compete with our churches. <knowl> The Obama administration exempted churches, mosques, synagogues and other houses of worship from the requirement. The truth is Obama is right, the freedom to practice or not practice religion is guaranteed by the constitution. And now, it is the same "Christian Believers" that wish to deny another religion the right to practice their beliefs. Any place of worship that wilfully hosts terror platforms disqualifies itself from the sanctity of a place of worship, Ruto said. The loss of conscience rights for businesses is just the beginning. <CN> It's right that every religion can have a place of worship in which to profess their beliefs, as required by our constitution.
<HS> Damn bastards, they want us to close all churches. <knowl> Of the five accepted religions, Christianity has been growing the fastest, especially among urban, educated Chinese. Given the preponderance of mainstream media reporting on a minority of U.S. Christians such attitudes make sense. "China's constitution recognizes freedom of religion, but the government limits religious practice to officially-approved places of worship. According to Wafa Goussous of the Middle East Council of Churches, before the 1970s no one used the word 'minority' to describe Christians. Many of my friends are Christian and I don't know about it. <CN> Did you know that their prophet in 600 AD established a government, together with Jews, that respected the freedom of religion of all citizens. If there are Muslims who seek the opposite, they are a minority, since their religion, such as Christianity, takes as its model the spiritual leaders.
<HS> Damn bastards, they want us to close all churches. <knowl> without further imperiling the American economy?Martha's note: This is round ten of Faith Unboxed, an ongoing, civil, respectful conversation about faith I invite you to participate by sharing your own ideas and experiences (either here or on the website), rather than by denigrating the ideas and experiences of others. that's B for BILLION!Through its network of schools, hospitals aged-care facilities, employment services and other business ventures, it makes at least $15 billion in revenue a year. remember religion poisons everyone it touches!Posted by: willemkraal | February 7, 2011 8:03 AMReport Offensive CommentPosted by: pofinpa | February 7, 2011 7:48 AMReport Offensive CommentNOW do you think it is time to REPEL THE TAX EXEMPT LAW so all can pay their just tax to get America's balance sheet back in balance and all will have a total right to speak on political matters which they do not under the TAX EXAMPT LAW?Posted by: usapdx | February 7, 2011 5:40 AMReport Offensive CommentBig business? pitted conservative Christian activists against mode rate and liberal theologians and historians who contend that g roups such as Moral Majority intend to make their theological vie ws the law of the land.- In October, a professor at Wheaton College, Wheaton, Ill., will convene a group of theologians and church leaders disaffected with both the liberal leanings of many nonfundamentalist Protestant churches and the rhetoric of the fundamentalist religious right. or I get stonewalled, and the conversation dies as quickly as it started. <CN> They ask only to be able to practice their religion.
<HS> Damn bastards, they want us to close all churches. <knowl> Blocked off by police, outnumbered but equally as passionate were those in support of religious freedom. The interim constitution , finalized in 2007 , guarantees some religious freedom but prohibits people from trying to convert others . Read more in this series:Christine Emba: Tax exemptions for religious institutions: A primerDominic Bouck, OP: A country without churches. The religious leaders testifying said the compromise still violated religious freedom. Religious freedom ensures a more stable and prosperous world for all. <CN> Religious freedom means having the right to practice one's own religion. Catholics have the right to go to church as well as Muslims in mosques, the two things can co-exist!
<HS> Damn bastards, they want us to close all churches. <knowl> It would be too kind to call these comments wrong; they were ridiculous. Complaints that current rules unfairly discriminate against houses of worship are simply wrong. There will never be enough professionals to fix all that is wrong in our world. In some cases, Dr. Brown said, ''things can go way off the track before people think something is wrong. But the court determined that allowing churches to use public schools would send the wrong signal to the public. <CN> I have not seen recently closed churches, but maybe I'm wrong. Can you tell me why you think so?
<HS> Damn bastards, they want us to close all churches. <knowl> "Elsanousi says there are many churches and even synagogues in America where Muslims share space with Christians. In the past weeks, riots have broken out at two churches in southern Egypt, prompted by Muslim crowds angry over church construction. "Mohamed Elsanousi adamantly disagrees, saying it's good for the country to know churches like these are extending a hand to Muslims. What's more, Christians face state-imposed restrictions on the right to build and maintain churches, regulations that Muslims don't face when building mosques. The church is named for the patron saint of lost causes. <CN> Do you know the case of a Muslim who tried to close a church? I would be very curious to hear a story about that.
<HS> Damn bastards, they want us to close all churches. <knowl> First, she doesn't really define Organized Religions and uses a Baptist Church as its poster child. But troubles from back home followed her to the southeast Asian country where Islam is the predominant religion. Near where I live, a number of the best land parcels are taken up with African-American mega-churches. Non-Christian religious sites are being torn down, too, they said, including a smaller folk religion temple near the church. Afsaneh says she struggled to accept Islam for most of her life but ultimately and fundamentally disagreed with the religion. <CN> The best answer to this fear is to defend your religion, not attack Islam; do you attend church regularly?
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> It stands for nothing..All wars/acts of terrorism are based in some form of religion! And, for perhaps the first time in history, Islam and Christianity would boast roughly equal numbers. The Islamic faith has been given accommodation in public schools while the Christian faith has been marginalized. For many in Norway, the potential implications of the suspected killer's religion are still settling in. "When they kill Christians in the north, Christians in the south will retaliate against Muslims," he says. <CN> Not true, Muslims are not invaders for definition, and Christianity is still the first religion in Italy.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center. By 2014, there were 5.6 million, according to rough Pew Research Center estimates. Pew Research Center has published a number of reports about Muslims and Islam in the United States and around the world, all of which are available here. According to a Pew Research Center study, there were 11.3 million unauthorized immigrants—about 3.5% of the U.S. population—in the U.S. in 2014. Trump's other citation has drawn more notice because it came from the Pew Research Center, a highly-respected, nonpartisan group. <CN> It is not correct to speak of Islamic invasion because according to the 'Pew research center' in Italy Islamists are 4.8% of the population.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> The Christian faith is marginalized while the Islamic faith is given accommodation. These cowardly, despicable actions are not a demonstration of the true Islamic faith. The Islamic faith is being accommodated while the Christian faith is being marginalized. Quilliam became fascinated with the Islamic faith and immersed himself in studying it. Porterfield and Ellis also took issue with the white-washing of the Islamic faith. <CN> I urge you to do some research and you'll find that only a small part of the Italian population is of islamic faith.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> It was built for the age of apps and social media. "This is a survey of perception, not a survey of reality," he says. Loggers, have the recent stories of trouble on ships changed your perception of cruising? The choice of the exact form of social media may be beside the point, though. In the age of social and digital media, the problems faced by cruise lines are compounded. <CN> Hi, I understand that the perception of the phenomenon is sometimes amplified by some media, but the number of Muslims in Italy is even less than 5%.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> I don't do any in-depth research as I want to be taken by observations, not preconceptions. We confirmed all of those memories—and dug up a lot more—by doing plain old-fashioned in-depth research. Conduct in-depth research into what makes each program uniquely attractive to you, and be prepared to talk about these features during your visit. While out of school, for an unspecified amount of time, Alan says he plans to do an in-depth research project on the fallen soldier memorial. Most people already know about the spelling and grammar checks in Word, but the program can also score you on the complexity of your writing. <CN> From what do you presume it? Did you inform yourself well before writing the comment? I ask you to perform in-depth research.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> The Islam that is spreading through society in Africa today is the new active Islam, not the dormant, Sufi, private-life only [version]. Get real people and stop hating everyone who don't back your beliefs. People who skew religion to justify their political beliefs are not real religious people. Blaming all of Islam for the actions of misguided extremists who commit atrocities in the name of Islam. In prison Johnson , who changed his name to Khalil Islam , rejected the Nation 's teachings and converted to Sunni Islam . <CN> Talking of 'Islamic invasion' assumes that all the people who come are Muslim, well it isn't like that! Africa is not Islam.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> Are there types of information you haven't gotten around to including?JH: Things that are real-time, I think, could be interesting. For him, most people are simply not that interesting, in any medium. But they are two of the interesting markers that the research has found. So, if people are interesting, they have interesting conversations, both online and in-person. I'm interested in people moving back into cities, reclaiming cities, retaking over neighborhoods. <CN> It would be interesting to have information about this, can you provide them?
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> The real story of small business under Obama is tax raises. Government didn't put up the risk money to start our businesses. The authors found voice risk analysis to be closer to astrology than science. In the Bank of America case, it appears real people have been hurt. He added that the music video " is a real treat for men and women alike . <CN> Are you really sure? I suggest that you inform yourself before you write something. In this way, you do not have the risk to seem a liar.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> "Islamic extremism for the majority of Muslims is an oxymoron," he explained to the agents. The high temperatures hit during the Islamic month of Ramadan, when many Muslims were fasting during daylight hours. One explanation lies in current affairs, says Azyumardi Azra, an expert on Islam in Indonesia, the world's most populous Muslim majority country. Depictions of the Prophet Mohammed such as the cartoons published by Charlie Hebdo are banned in Islam and mocking him angers many Muslims. He insisted Islam has a historic kinship with both Judaism and Christianity, a relationship of which not only Americans but many Muslims are unaware. <CN> It does not seem to me to see many Muslims around.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> In the rest of Europe, profit accelerated sharply in Spain and also rose in Italy. The weather is nice and warm compared to the rest of Europe. Sharing a currency with the rest of Europe makes German exports artificially cheap. Read: Can Italy be saved?Of the Southern economies, Italy's actions will have the greatest impact on the rest of Europe. Our Silvio, of course, was Silvio Berlusconi, premier of Italy, mentor of "Ruby the Heart Stealer", and the nation's most obnoxious figurehead. <CN> I do not think that talking about invasion is correct. Most migrants that arrive in Italy are distributed in the rest of Europe, where Italy is second last in number of immigrants for inhabitant.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> Polls in the Netherlands suggest a party led by Geert Wilders - who, like Donald Trump, wants Muslim immigration stopped to prevent an Islamic invasion- is on course to come top in a general election. You've heard the charges:The tenets of Islam are opposed to the values of America. Alliance Data's Card Services business is a leading provider of marketing-driven branded credit card programs. They then travel back to Enterprise to investigate some data logs found in the wreckage , while Archer stays behind . But the shocking image of a Hungarian camerawoman deliberately tripping a man fleeing from the police has become the icon of a nasty backlash in many parts of Europe against the mass migration, with refugee camps set ablaze and xenophobic demagogues railing against an Islamic invasion. <CN> Hi, could you better explain what you mean by Islamic invasion? Could you tell me some datas that support this statement?
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> This was an occasion for a massacre of ' Pieds - Noirs ' in Oran by a suburban Muslim population . In the U.S., where Muslims are less than 1% of the population, London-style attacks are uncommon. In the German case the important number here isn't the country's total population, currently 82 million. In the debate over a plan to build an Islamic center near Ground Zero in New York, one number has been elusive: the population of Muslims in the city. "In other words, Muslims are coming into line with global trends toward fewer children per woman and an aging population. <CN> I do not think so. The Muslim population in Italy constitute only 4% of the total population. I wouldn't consider it an invasion.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> Forget the black helicopters — the real invasion came as iPhones. The living room of 12 Ajax Place hosts stamped concrete and exposed... Hundreds of processions take place throughout Spain during the Easter Holy Week. Floor-to-ceiling windows off the dining room of 12 Ajax Place frame... Hundreds of traditional annual processions take place throughout Spain during the Easter Holy Week. <CN> It seems to me rather that is taking place a real invasion of fake news.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> The manufacturing of the cars would still take place in Italy. I think a lot of why people are attracted to Italy is the people. ""The whole of Germany will be mourning this merited 2-0 win for Italy. We did Tuscany because when people dream of Italy, they're initially thinking about Tuscany. Enjoying local cuisine of the porcine persuasion is one good reason to bike through Italy. <CN> Hello, could you give me a figure on the number of Muslims in Italy?
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> We should not allow the continuation and repetition of the invasion. "We should not allow the continuation and repetition of the invasion. The president, based on -- this is the way the real world works. The last forward moves in the assemblage of the invasion forces were completed. My participation in the British Invasion came as a total surprise to me. <CN> In Italy Muslims are less than 5%, I personally would not call it an invasion.
<HS> A real Islamic invasion is taking place. <knowl> It has to be undertaken, in part at least by those of faith. I believe in the Italy of municipalities, of the Renaissance, not in Mussolini's centralization. "Alfano said the nine all held residency permits and included people who supported, and recruited members for, the Islamic State group and who "radicalized themselves on the Web."In addition, Italy has identified 59 people who have traveled from Italy to Syria to fight, including five Italian citizens and two with double-citizenship, Alfano said. Mostly in Iran, which, far from celebrating the birthplace of the faith, regards Baha'is as apostates. Is there a place for Muslims in Italy?A: In Italy there are 5 million legal migrants. <CN> Hi, actually Muslims in Italy do not even reach 5% and among them there are also Italian citizens who profess this faith.
<HS> Stop foreigners in Italy, they are all Muslims who threaten our cultural traditions, we must eliminate them! <knowl> More important, it was evidence of fear, though not fear of "foreigners" or "outsiders" as such. "The way this poll has been formulated and presented in this climate of fear against Muslims is most unfortunate. Christian holidays like Easter, Ascension, Reformation Day and Corpus Christi are official holidays, but the important holy days of Judaism and Islam are not. There is a long tradition of investing in government bonds in Italy. Christianity remains the largest religion in England and Wales, with 59.3% of the population identifying themselves as Christian, according to 2011 census data -- the latest available. <CN> There is a growing climate of fear against the Islamic foreigners. Actually foreigners resident in Italy who profess the Orthodox Christian religion are the majority (nearly two million), followed by Muslims (less than a million and a half).
<HS> The majority of immigrants are Muslims. It's useless to deny that this invasion, certainly peaceful, will bring in our society the Sharia. Glad you, if sharia represents culture and enrichment! <knowl> The human interpretation of sharia is called fiqh, or Islamic rules of right action, created by individual scholars based on the Koran and hadith (stories of the prophet Muhammad's life). Benghazi, Ansar al Sharia was one of many groups that filled the vacuum of authority following the overthrow of Moammar Gadhafi. Sharia is a system of law based on the tenets of Islam. Seifallah Ben Hassine is the founder of Ansar al Sharia in Tunisia. The addition of Sharia law to "the law of the land", in this case British law, complements, rather than undermines, existing legal frameworks. <CN> Speaking of invasion isn't very correct, considering the number of people who have settled permanently in Italy after they arrived in recent years. Our law guarantees the right of everyone to live their culture in freedom: this is the definition of enrichment: bringing something that was not there, that can teach something new.
<HS> The majority of immigrants are Muslims. It's useless to deny that this invasion, certainly peaceful, will bring in our society the Sharia. Glad you, if sharia represents culture and enrichment! <knowl> Sharia is a system of law based on the tenets of Islam. Ushering in aspects of Sharia law would acknowledge Britain's new inhabitants, of increasingly Muslim variety, and assemble an aggregated legal framework that represents all three Abrahamic traditions, Jewish, Christian and Muslim. Ninety-six percent of Egyptians and Jordanians, 95% of Iraqis and 94% of Moroccan Muslims responded that Islam alone leads to heaven. Seven Republican-dominated states have banned the hypothetical threat of sharia law or sharia courts that Muslims might hypothetically convene to contravene state law. The major development, however, has been the encroachment of Sharia law into public life. <CN> Hello, actually the data show that the majority of immigrants in Italy are Christian-Orthodox and non-Muslim faith: the situation is very diverse and I do not think we can speak of invasion when the number of Muslims in Italy (including Italian citizens) is just under 5%.
<HS> The majority of immigrants are Muslims. It's useless to deny that this invasion, certainly peaceful, will bring in our society the Sharia. Glad you, if sharia represents culture and enrichment! <knowl> The victory of sharia, he concludes, would clearly mean the end of the government Lincoln was describing. "The majority of women around the world associate gender justice, or justice for women, with sharia compliance. But different jurists can arrive at very different interpretations of sharia, and it has changed over the centuries. Second, the integration of Sharia law would provide some modicum of equilibrium among Jewish law, Christian law and Islamic law. But both their records are devoid of pushing for Sharia law. <CN> What kind of changes do you fear that could happen?
<HS> The majority of immigrants are Muslims. It's useless to deny that this invasion, certainly peaceful, will bring in our society the Sharia. Glad you, if sharia represents culture and enrichment! <knowl> The victory of sharia, he concludes, would clearly mean the end of the government Lincoln was describing. "The majority of women around the world associate gender justice, or justice for women, with sharia compliance. Second, the integration of Sharia law would provide some modicum of equilibrium among Jewish law, Christian law and Islamic law. But both their records are devoid of pushing for Sharia law. The addition of Sharia law to "the law of the land", in this case British law, complements, rather than undermines, existing legal frameworks. <CN> 1. On what basis do you define this an invasion? 2. Can you explain your point of view?
<HS> The majority of immigrants are Muslims. It's useless to deny that this invasion, certainly peaceful, will bring in our society the Sharia. Glad you, if sharia represents culture and enrichment! <knowl> The major development, however, has been the encroachment of Sharia law into public life. Seven Republican-dominated states have banned the hypothetical threat of sharia law or sharia courts that Muslims might hypothetically convene to contravene state law. "The majority of women around the world associate gender justice, or justice for women, with sharia compliance. In a number of countries, though, Muslims are about as likely to answer yes to this question as no. Though Afghanistan is by far the most supportive of sharia, majorities in countries like Iraq (91%), Palestinian territories (89%) and Malaysia (86%) favor applying sharia to everyone in their respective countries. <CN> Do you think that it's plausible to think that our country in a few years will be controlled by Muslims, that they will impose us the way in which they think, dress, live .?
<HS> The majority of immigrants are Muslims. It's useless to deny that this invasion, certainly peaceful, will bring in our society the Sharia. Glad you, if sharia represents culture and enrichment! <knowl> Once this is clear, ques-tions about the status of lax Muslims, of non-Muslims, and of ex-Muslims who live in Muslim territory inevitably arise. Seifallah Ben Hassine is the founder of Ansar al Sharia in Tunisia. Ushering in aspects of Sharia law would acknowledge Britain's new inhabitants, of increasingly Muslim variety, and assemble an aggregated legal framework that represents all three Abrahamic traditions, Jewish, Christian and Muslim. It's also important to note that majorities of Muslims in the countries surveyed, sometimes vast majorities, said they support religious freedom. The addition of Sharia law to "the law of the land", in this case British law, complements, rather than undermines, existing legal frameworks. <CN> It cannot be considered an invasion because the data show that the percentage of Muslim foreign immigrants in Italy in 1993 was 32% and remains 32% nowadays. The percentage has not increased, so there wasn't a significant increase of Muslims.
<HS> The majority of immigrants are Muslims. It's useless to deny that this invasion, certainly peaceful, will bring in our society the Sharia. Glad you, if sharia represents culture and enrichment! <knowl> "This question of how to define sharia has become a more urgent issue for Muslims around the world in recent decades as, according to some estimates, one-third of them live outside Muslim-majority countries for the first time in history. Though Afghanistan is by far the most supportive of sharia, majorities in countries like Iraq (91%), Palestinian territories (89%) and Malaysia (86%) favor applying sharia to everyone in their respective countries. Sharia is a system of law based on the tenets of Islam. Seifallah Ben Hassine is the founder of Ansar al Sharia in Tunisia. Islam is the fastest-growing religion in Britain: the number of Muslims has grown from 1.6 million to two million since 2000. <CN> Hi, since in fact, the number of Muslims in Italy is equal to less than 5%, most of them profess their faith in full freedom and respect for cultures and faiths of others, without wanting to impose anything.
<HS> The majority of immigrants are Muslims. It's useless to deny that this invasion, certainly peaceful, will bring in our society the Sharia. Glad you, if sharia represents culture and enrichment! <knowl> The victory of sharia, he concludes, would clearly mean the end of the government Lincoln was describing. "The majority of women around the world associate gender justice, or justice for women, with sharia compliance. Second, the integration of Sharia law would provide some modicum of equilibrium among Jewish law, Christian law and Islamic law. These principles are believed to be the foundation of the faith. Sharia is a system of law based on the tenets of Islam. <CN> Hi, data actually affirm that most of the immigrants are of Orthodox Christian faith and Muslims are less than 5%. In addition to the fact that those who claim to want to impose sharia does not seem like they really inspire from the assertions made by their religion.
<HS> The majority of immigrants are Muslims. It's useless to deny that this invasion, certainly peaceful, will bring in our society the Sharia. Glad you, if sharia represents culture and enrichment! <knowl> Seifallah Ben Hassine is the founder of Ansar al Sharia in Tunisia. Ben Qumu is described as "the leader" of Ansar al Sharia Derna, while Khattalah is "a senior leader" of Ansar al Sharia in Benghazi. His school offers three masters and a doctorate in the practical application of Sharia rules in finance. "The majority of women around the world associate gender justice, or justice for women, with sharia compliance. A number of Ansar al Sharia groups have emerged not only in Libya but in Yemen, Tunisia, Egypt and Morocco. <CN> Where did you obtain this information from? Did you check if your source was reliable, because the official data deny an increase of the Muslim immigrant population in Italy.
<HS> These Muslims now want also to impose their food, only they should eat couscous! I want my children to eat pork meat, which is good for them. <knowl> Eight out of 10 French Muslims argued that school canteens should offer halal options — a controversial demand in some French towns. Barbès could otherwise be mistaken for any old bistro, and some of its food has the straightforward appeal of bistro fare. The same thing was happening with the foods of the Americas. Ms. Wolfert, the outsider, is the stickler for authenticity and tradition. As a part of a religion, fasting teaches discipline, Regenstein said. <CN> Hello, actually the couscous is also linked to our tradition, especially in south Italy and it is not a matter to impose a practice typical of another religion. Many food experts have recommended the introduction of this food (still a free choice) in school canteens because it is considered a suitable food for healthy nutrition.
<HS> These Muslims now want also to impose their food, only they should eat couscous! I want my children to eat pork meat, which is good for them. <knowl> Ms. Khamdeem bought the grilled pork from a food stall near her home. They have surfaced from time to time in pork meat in Europe, Asia and America. And there is always hearty food at the ready for children: mine, yours, whoever drops by. #tcotOne diner complained about the carnitas shortage because pork was the only meat she could eat at the restaurant. Still, the drafters of the San Francisco referendum could have avoided the religious issue  and kept the focus on the harms and benefits of circumcision  if they had included an exception for circumcisions done for religious reasons. <CN> Hello, the case to which I believe you refer would not be absolutely a defined choice based on religious reasons, but for food health issues.
<HS> These Muslims now want also to impose their food, only they should eat couscous! I want my children to eat pork meat, which is good for them. <knowl> Teach the children or the babysitter to make rice or it will delay the meal. Pork here is on an equal footing with other food," Noergaard told The Associated Press. Ms. Wolfert's new book, The Food of Morocco (Ecco), is a magisterial rework of the book that put her on the map in 1973, Couscous and Other Good Food From Morocco. The writer is quick to blame his parents and their contemporaries as the reason he got involved in robberies and quit school. The same thing was happening with the foods of the Americas. <CN> Hi, do you really believe that the decision to introduce in a part of the school menu a food anyway considered healthy as the couscous is a symptom of an alleged will to impose a religion?
<HS> They impose on us their culture. <knowl> from different roots which leave me feeling . . . . Monthly rents are likely to start at $5,300, executives said, not including help with the activities of daily living. Starting Monday, Birbiglia will be living in the window at Macy's flagship store on 34th Street in New York City. Their conversation goes like this:RELATED: BRONX EX-DEM BOSS IN FULL COURT PRESSVendor: It's a beverage made from different roots . . . . Who said the United States Postal Service isn't au courant?Starting next year, it will start putting the faces of living people on stamps. <CN> Living together starting from different roots and the cultural precondition is possible and it will be increasingly frequent and daily, but not easy, we must learn both us and them.
<HS> They impose on us their culture. <knowl> A Facebook identity card I generated for identity management emperor Mark Zuckerberg. So for centuries, the flexibility of its customs has permitted the community's survival. Customs agents conduct a background check, looking for any criminal history, outstanding warrants and previous customs, immigration or agricultural violations. American Airlines, for example, recently emailed 400,000 customers who had taken at least four international trips in the past 12 months. At best, she appeared to express the fascination of a visiting anthropologist for the natives of Rochester and Strood with their curious cultural customs. <CN> I think that they try to keep their identity and I do not see anything wrong with it, where their customs conflict with ours we create space for dialogue.
<HS> They impose on us their culture. <knowl> He also referenced the longstanding tradition of cultural appropriation in art. Henna is a ceremonial form of body art rooted in Indian culture. Come to the four-way intersection of technology, culture, business an politics. I think that's one of the great pleasures of experiencing different cultures. "To appreciate and respect and embrace our full community and the different cultures. <CN> The cultures can co-exist if there is the value of mutual respect.
<HS> They impose on us their culture. <knowl> Question one for Ham: How does creationism account for celestial bodies? The world is not 6000 years old as Ham believes, Nye says. Ham's turn: Can I have three words since he had 300? Ham insists that this campaign is in keeping with their overall mission. Ham arrived at the scene 20 minutes later to find the devastation. <CN> I think as long as they do not force us to eliminate churches and ham there is nothing to be alarmed about;).
<HS> They want to conquer the world, we have to defend Italy by blowing them up before they blow us up. <knowl> Winds of around 49 kilometres an hour were blowing in the vicinity. She said: The world should not be exclusive of the ideal body. Another world leader coming to MicroCon is His Royal Highness Travis McHenry. Will South Africa be the least successful World Cup hosts on the pitch? We are just someone that the world is excited about for a moment. <CN> But who? It seems to me that, like many others, they simply want to express their faith freely.
<HS> They will blow up all of us in order to force us to their faith. <knowl> Similarly, religious faith often leads people into activities that help others. Hypocrisy about religious faith is always a giant temptation for politicians. There is no way of rationally proving or disproving the religious faith. No president would criticize the religious beliefs of millions of his fellow citizens — particularly when their good faith is necessary to isolate violent radicalism. Forty-nine percent of frequent church goers attribute their optimism to their religious faith. <CN> Unfortunately, terrorism is a reality, but it has nothing to do with religious faith. The terrorists, the fanatics, the violent exist in every country, in every culture, in every religion.
<HS> Fanatics megalomaniacs. Don't delude you to find cowards waiting for you! We will pass on your dead body and also with great pleasure. <knowl> Justin was declared legally blind at the conclusion of the trip. And it would allow the internal critic to intrude upon a truly great pleasure: making children happy. I'll tell you it was a great pleasure being with her in England, a great pleasure being with her in Australia and a great loss that I'm feeling now, he said of their love story. "You've got all this freedom, and I think people who are used to commuting, they kind of forget the great pleasure of the Sunday drive, which to me is more what the road trip mode is all about." this moment everything else is not as important as the fact that the bodies, [the] remains be returned to their families," Kortas said. <CN> Careful don't trip over, there is a risk being blind;).
<HS> Fanatics megalomaniacs. Don't delude you to find cowards waiting for you! We will pass on your dead body and also with great pleasure. <knowl> Attacks on infidels finally end when Muslims become 100% of the population, as in Saudi Arabia—where all its citizens are Muslim, and churches and other non-Islamic expressions are totally banned. The city, a tourist hot spot on the Mediterranean, has a considerable Muslim population, mostly comprised of families with North African roots. The Detroit area has a sizable Muslim population, with about 250,000 Arabs, African-Americans and others practicing Islam, Mr. Walid said. As long as the Muslim population remains around or under 2% in any given country, they will, for the most part, be regarded as a peace-loving minority, and not as a threat to other citizens. It needs to focus on bringing Indian Muslims into the mainstream. <CN> The fanatics represent only a small part of the Muslim population. If you do some research, you will notice that Islam preaches peace. So, why commit violence on innocent people?
<HS> Fanatics megalomaniacs. Don't delude you to find cowards waiting for you! We will pass on your dead body and also with great pleasure. <knowl> Please do not show a picture of a dead body, said the officer. Life is worthless here, he said as he pointed to dead bodies on the ground. Dead bodies badly burned by the flames could be seen by frightened onlookers who had gathered. Maggie Gyllenhaal gave a book of short stories by Deborah Eisenberg, which she found to be a great pleasure, she said in her inscription. The ex-girlfriend of an alleged murderer who posted photos of his victim's dead body online said she narrowly escaped a similar, gory fate. <CN> Why do you want to do something so cruel? Where does your hatred come from?
<HS> Fanatics megalomaniacs. Don't delude you to find cowards waiting for you! We will pass on your dead body and also with great pleasure. <knowl> In a pledge of allegiance to terror group ISIS, he said: "My message to crusaders bombing Muslims everyday... Instead of Civilization vs Extremism, they are making it Americans vs Muslims, using the wrong definitions of both America and Muslims. The rise of extremists who lure young Muslims in the West with visions of Islamic utopia is creating nausea among European Muslims. I am saying that, for President Bush, the entire religion of Islam was not synonymous with extremism and Muslims were not Nazis. "And we, by the grace of Allah, are seeking to exact revenge on behalf of Islam and Muslims from you and your soldiers and allies. <CN> Revenge is always wrong. Also it is not correct to generalize because the majority of Islamic terrorism victims are Muslims themselves.
<HS> Fanatics megalomaniacs. Don't delude you to find cowards waiting for you! We will pass on your dead body and also with great pleasure. <knowl> A young woman who was critically injured in a car crash in Scotland spent three days waiting with the dead body of her boyfriend for help to arrive. Working for Hermès has been a great pleasure: a profoundly enriching experience on both a human and professional level, he said in a statement. On August 14, a motorist came across the dead body of Kimberly Harvill on the side of the road in Lebec, California. Officers were called to a home in Chesapeake at around 3:30 p.m. on Wednesday, arriving to find a single dead body. And then you cite the Clarence Darrow quote: I have never killed a man but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure. <CN> I do not share your statement. Muslim migrants arriving in Italy seek help because they are the first to be persecuted by the true fanatics in their home countries.
<HS> Fanatics megalomaniacs. Don't delude you to find cowards waiting for you! We will pass on your dead body and also with great pleasure. <knowl> Already, several thousands of Americans of all faiths have endorsed the True Islam campaign. That approach gets people dead.- September 12, 2012 12:59 PMOf course religious violence is real. As we mourn the victims of the Brussels attacks, let us unite, educate and advance true Islam. In that spirit, and under the leadership of His Holiness the Khalifa of Islam, Mirza Masroor Ahmad, the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community has launched a campaign to combat terrorism called True Islam and the Extremists. A century later, this distasteful confusion of political fanaticism with faith is even more in fashion, but nowadays in Islam, not Christianity. <CN> Nothing is achieved with violence. We must be able to dialogue and find a point of cohesion between the two religions. Fanaticism is not true Islam. The Muslims who arrive in Italy are the first to be persecuted by the real extremists.
<HS> Fanatics megalomaniacs. Don't delude you to find cowards waiting for you! We will pass on your dead body and also with great pleasure. <knowl> I'll tell you it was a great pleasure being with her in England, a great pleasure being with her in Australia and a great loss that I'm feeling now, he said of their love story. Working for Hermès has been a great pleasure: a profoundly enriching experience on both a human and professional level, he said in a statement. I've seen this quote by Mark Twain floating around the internet tonight, I've never wished a man dead, but I have read some obituaries with great pleasure. People reports, she went on to introduce Beyonce (performing I Wanna Be Where You Are via satellite): "She carries the torch lit by our father and it gives me great pleasure to introduce this woman. So it's a great pleasure for me to come home and get into bed and watch a basketball game. <CN> Are you saying you would go with great pleasure on dead bodies?
<HS> The Muslims are all fanatics and want to rule in our home! <knowl> He called himself 'Lionheart' on social media postings to friends back home. And now the fanatics who do believe that are on the march. They are racist fanatics who call themselves Muslims, permitting this murder of thousands. They are racist fanatics who call themselves Muslims, permitting the murder of thousands. I went out, called home and was told about the explosion at Lubyanka. <CN> There are more civil ways to constructively criticize, these lies also harm those who utter them.
<HS> The Muslims are all fanatics and want to rule in our home! <knowl> He called himself 'Lionheart' on social media postings to friends back home. And now the fanatics who do believe that are on the march. They are racist fanatics who call themselves Muslims, permitting this murder of thousands. They are racist fanatics who call themselves Muslims, permitting the murder of thousands. I went out, called home and was told about the explosion at Lubyanka. <CN> Who are you to judge in such a merciless manner, God Almighty?
<HS> The Muslims are all fanatics and want to rule in our home! <knowl> The common denominator in mass shootings is the use of firearms. They are racist fanatics who call themselves Muslims, permitting the murder of thousands. The expressions of support from random passersby and old friends alike were gratifying. Although little is known about the suspect, detectives do not believe the shooting was a random act of violence, the Long Beach Police Department said in a statement Sunday. Kenneth Bart, Joshua's father, said the family has learned little about the shooting so far. <CN> Without a little bit of common sense dangerous statements get out, it is better to think before shooting at random.
<HS> The Muslims are all fanatics and want to rule in our home! <knowl> Throughout the Middle Ages, baptistery doors were often called gates of paradise for the literal reason that without baptism, there was no salvation. Then there's the continuing danger from home-grown terrorists, be they self-activated jihadists like Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan or non-Muslim anti-government fanatics. And now the fanatics who do believe that are on the march. They are racist fanatics who call themselves Muslims, permitting the murder of thousands. Even before the Sunday attack, they had installed security cameras, fences and gates. <CN> Oh yes? Then they are in good company of sovereign who would like to close doors and gates.
<HS> The Muslims are all fanatics and want to rule in our home! <knowl> What evil has found a home in the body of Lady Secularism? Fourest pointed out that the magazine was "mocking fanaticism and not Islam. But that human drama powerfully displays the brutality and fanaticism of ISIS. Demonstrators called for a united front against "fanaticism" and a pluralistic, tolerant country. Britain must take a little of the blame, because we nurtured a dangerous fellow. <CN> Fanaticism is always dangerous, but you do not fight, when there is, with more fanaticism.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Most Middle Eastern countries would be excluded, as well as Afghanistan. "He and his supporters continued to say that the Lebanon war was the most right and justified war he had fought. They recovered napalm, pipe and drain cleaner bombs, as well as Molotov cocktails Friday from "a secret compartment that had been created in the floorboards" of the teen's bedroom, Haroldson said. It was a unit that Sharon himself described as "spirited", as one that stood out among the "many outstanding units" of the Israeli army. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. <CN> There is no Islamic invasion of the West. If many of the migrants are Arabs it depends only on the fact that most Middle Eastern countries are affected by crises and wars.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> We condemn these atrocious acts of violence #IstanbulDalia Grybauskaite, president of Lithuania, wrote:Despicable terror attack in #Istanbul airport. The bombings were the fourth set of attacks with multiple casualties across Iraq in five days. One of the terrorists, Amedy Coulibaly, recorded a video before he died, saying that the bombing of ISIS positions in Syria and Iraq by Western countries had motivated his attacks: "If you attack the Islamic State, we will attack you. ... And it is also the case that only a tiny minority of Muslims are willing to do violence in the name of Allah. Today's suicide bombing in Damascus raises uncomfortable questions about the meaning and justifiability of Terrorism: http://is.gd/pFEqCsGlenn GreenwaldUS official tells me US still verifying Syrian regime claim that it was a suicide attack. <CN> Actually, terrorism is not an Islamic phenomenon: in America, there is an attack every day, not in the name of Allah.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. One republican former prisoner recalled: We went in bad terrorists and came out good terrorists. On March 19, terrorists killed almost 60 people in several bombings in Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad. No one claimed responsibility for the bombs, which Syrian television blamed on what the government says are foreign-backed terrorists. Just more of the same?Israelis are being accused of suffering too few casualties in their confrontation with the Hamas terrorists. <CN> Being of Arab origin does not mean being terrorists, avoid generalizations that lead only to more hatred.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The bombings were the fourth set of attacks with multiple casualties across Iraq in five days. On March 19, terrorists killed almost 60 people in several bombings in Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad. al asaadThe authorities destroyed 3 terrorists cars, attacked FSA bases in Ein Tarma where they killed 10s of terrorists. At the height of the war, in 2007, terrorists claimed 5,425 civilian lives and caused 9,878 injuries. Having released hundreds of terrorist criminals responsible for murders and maimings, the Government could hardly have a principled objection to the release of the biggest mass murderer in British criminal history. <CN> Many victims of terrorism are Arab people, as many terrorists in history have been Italian. Victims and offenders, including terrorism, haven't a specific ethnicity or skin colour.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> This month, people in Afula attacked an Arab correspondent for an Israeli TV network and his Jewish crew while they reported on a stabbing attack. In the first, a car bomb exploded at the Israeli Embassy, killing 29 people. Four German peacekeepers were killed in a car bomb attack in Kabul in June 2003. But many say Arab terrorists killed the Palestinian moderate for talking with Israelis about an agreement. Stern's men planted bombs, robbed banks and killed British officials as well as Jews and Arabs. <CN> Not all Arabs are terrorists, in fact, many attacks also damage Arab people.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Today even the most brazen of terrorists generally shun the label. Several national newspapers published Red Brigades manifestoes, although most, scorning ''blackmail,'' refused. The paper had previously given ample space to statements from the Red Brigades. Other members of the Red Brigades tried with him drew much longer sentences. Photo Called a CompositeShown in front of a Red Brigades banner, the general seems to be holding a sign with a four-paragraph text in Italian. <CN> Generalizing has never led to anything good. I remind you that even in Italy we have had our terrorists. Saying that all Arabs are terrorists because of few individuals is like saying that all Christians are terrorists of the Red Brigades at home, for example.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Sending young people on suicide/homicide missions as a form of Jihad is a distortion of Islam. The bullying often works to silence critics of Islamic extremism. ... The lesson of the Islamic State is that war creates terrorism. In this case, the prisoners were likely accused of abandoning Islam. Only the muslim terrorist is capable of mass murder of civilian lives. <CN> The Islam itself is against terrorism of jihad, we must work with Islam, not criminalize it.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. The common denominator of the Jihadists/Terrorists is their membership to âthe religion of peace". The bombings were the fourth set of attacks with multiple casualties across Iraq in five days. On March 19, terrorists killed almost 60 people in several bombings in Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad. Olivier Knoxggreenwald it was not a suicide bombing .Mostafaggreenwald seriously and with all due respect, please go pick somewhere else to empty that terrorism rubbish, this is a fight for freedomAlexander Pageggreenwald - terrorism? <CN> Don't confuse Islam with Isis. Religion does not lead to terrorism.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Phuc was injured by a napalm bomb in Vietnam 40 years ago. When enemies are killed , they leave behind weapons for the player such as napalm , land mines , or Electromagnetic pulse bombs ( ) ; or they drop upgrades which improve the car 's weapons or armor . Russian-backed Syrian forces were also using napalm and chemical weapons without censure by the international community, the statement said. Kim Phuc (center) suffered burns from an aerial napalm bombing in 1972 during the Vietnam War that left her disfigured. ÂElsewhere, opposition activists in the rebel-held town of Daraya on the suburbs of Damascus accused the Syrian government of dropping barrel bombs containing napalm - an incendiary weapon made up of both fuel and a gel substance. <CN> Napalm and weapons do nothing but generate hatred and hatred promotes terrorism. The answer should be just the opposite: try to resolve conflicts.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Other violence today killed dozens of people around Iraq, according to police and military reports given to reporters. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. The surge of violence in Iraq continued Monday when 15 car bombs killed at least 50 people and injured more than 100, according to security officials. Ten other bombs around Baghdad, mostly in Shia-dominated suburbs, as well as in the town of Mahmoudiya, 20 miles to the south, killed 31 people. On Sunday, a truck bomb in Ramadi killed five people and wounded seven. <CN> Classic phrases also manipulated by politics to achieve consensus. They are not proven facts but unfounded stereotypes that create only hatred toward a category of people. Would you like to be held up as a criminal or terrorist only according to your ethnic/geographical belonging? It is like saying that all The Campanians have Camorra and all the Sicily, Mafia.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> They recovered napalm, pipe and drain cleaner bombs, as well as Molotov cocktails Friday from "a secret compartment that had been created in the floorboards" of the teen's bedroom, Haroldson said. In October, homemade bombs were left in front of the U.S. Embassy in Caracas, Venezuela, which is next to a school. Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. ""And, regrettably, completing the constitution is not likely to end all the violence in Iraq or solve all of the country's problems," he added. <CN> But are we really still behind these bar's stereotypes ?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> For seven nights in a row, America dropped bombs on this camp. On Sunday, a truck bomb in Ramadi killed five people and wounded seven. In Diyala, a powerful roadside bomb exploded Sunday in Baladroz, , wounding 20 people. In the first, a car bomb exploded at the Israeli Embassy, killing 29 people. A statement from more than 30 rebel groups, including the faction backed by the West, said the bombing campaign which killed dozens of people in the past few days was unprecedented. <CN> One cannot generalize and lay the blame of a few fanatics on thousands of other innocent people.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Phuc was injured by a napalm bomb in Vietnam 40 years ago. It depicts 9-year old Kim Phuc fleeing from napalm bombing during the Vietnam War. The bombs investigators found included pipe bombs, Molotov cocktails, a Drano bomb and a napalm bomb, Haroldson said. Kim Phuc (center) suffered burns from an aerial napalm bombing in 1972 during the Vietnam War that left her disfigured. She didn't know until later, but the bombs carried napalm, a gel-like incendiary that clings to its victims as it burns. <CN> Even in Europe, there is terrorism, what do we do? Should we throw napalm on us?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> AMMAN, Jordan -- Leaders of Arab organizations warned Wednesday that there would be no tolerance for U.S. military attacks on any country in the Arab world, including Iraq. The report says the tale of indiscriminate terrorist violence in New York "brings into focus some of the worst American fears - that is, Muslims or Arabs attacking the country, murdering men, women and children ... and 'attacking our way of life'. Many of the Western nations, including the United States and several European countries, see Hamas as the aggressor. Vietnam 'napalm girl' may see years of pain eased by lasers"I think you are abusing your power," he wrote. One recent poll by the newspaper Maariv found that only 19 percent of Israeli Jews think most Arabs oppose the attacks. <CN> In Italy we have had no recent attack by Arabs. Moreover, even in European countries where these despicable events took place, it was not an action of conquest, but only terrorist actions.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. On Sunday, a truck bomb in Ramadi killed five people and wounded seven. In Diyala, a powerful roadside bomb exploded Sunday in Baladroz, , wounding 20 people. On March 19, terrorists killed almost 60 people in several bombings in Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad. A bomb in a Kabul Internet cafe in May killed three people, including a UN worker from Myanmar. <CN> Generalizing is always wrong, while acknowledging how some crimes are horrendous. Many people try to integrate in our society or anyway they never intended to hurt anyone.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Phuc was injured by a napalm bomb in Vietnam 40 years ago. The bombs investigators found included pipe bombs, Molotov cocktails, a Drano bomb and a napalm bomb, Haroldson said. Kim Phuc (center) suffered burns from an aerial napalm bombing in 1972 during the Vietnam War that left her disfigured. Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. As early Napalm Death albums were not widely distributed in the United States , American groups tended to take inspiration from later works , such as Harmony Corruption . <CN> As if an American says 'Italians are all mobsters, we must respond with napalm'.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Rumsfeld noted that the constitutional draft gives a nod to both democracy and Islamic principles. More violence was reported Saturday in Samarra, where insurgents last February set off bombs at a sacred Shiite mosque, igniting a wave of sectarian violence. To insist that Muslims don't value human life, because some terrorists don't, is an insult to a billion Muslims around the world — and it's also wrong. The cumulative effect of this recent mindless violence is hugely disturbing. The Afghan Taliban movement, however, is not a classic terrorist organization. <CN> Violence is always wrong. Also it's repudiated in our constitution. This post is therefore contrary to the principles at the basis of our state.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> "At present, British law protects people on the basis of their colour, race or ethnic origin but not their religion. They target people because of their skin colour and ethnic group. The common denominator of the Jihadists/Terrorists is their membership to âthe religion of peace". Data mining companies like Palantir have developed software that can track terrorists in Afghanistan and help Marines identify roadside bombs. Nevertheless, Hayes, Freilich and Chermak bend over backward not to single out any one ethnicity, religion or nationality — except, perhaps, India. <CN> Terrorism has no ethnic origin. Terrorism is a problem but ethnicity, religion, skin colour, borders are not.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Tens of thousands of military reservists have been called into service, in addition to the Israelis currently conscripted. Two years after US troops left Iraq, violence has climbed back to its highest levels since the Sunni-Shia bloodshed of 2006-2007, when tens of thousands of people were killed. Thousands of improvised bombs have been used against our troops deployed in Iraq. While the wholesale violence between Sunni and Shiite neighborhoods and villages that killed tens of thousands in 2006 and 2007 has all but disappeared, the political tension has fostered a growing sense of pessimism. Ambivalence runs through Europe today on the question of what a country should demand of new Muslim immigrants by way of adopting its values. <CN> Although in Italy we have tens of thousands of Muslim immigrants, I do not remember many cases of bombs on our territory. Do you have different information?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> But turning against Syrians fleeing horror and violence in the Middle East is precisely the wrong response to last week's terrorist attacks in Paris. His quandary and anxiety go far in explaining the pall over the Arab community here--the largest in the United States--since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. And it is Arab audiences, even more than Turks, who have been swept off their feet. A month later a second demonstration was followed by bloody outbursts, with Arabs attacking Jewish interests. Two car bombs struck Sunni Arab areas of Baghdad, killing three in Dora and one in Saydia. <CN> Many of the recent Islamist terrorist attacks were not made by Arabs. For example, Turks, Iranians, Pakistanis, Bangladeshis etc. Are not Arabs.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The Assad administration has blamed insurgent terrorists for the series of car bomb attacks. Policymakers sometimes object that bringing terrorist organizations to the table legitimizes and incentivizes violent tactics. Syrian authorities said the terrorist attacks were likely car bombs, both reportedly detonated near security service offices. A few terrorist attacks, such as the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie in 1988, kill hundreds. There will be more bombings, and deaths and injuries, in Europe and elsewhere, but in time the threat will ease. <CN> Historically the most violent, bloody and oppressor population has been the Europe one, so I would say that we cannot generalize completely.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> This image alone shows a staggering 442 homes apparently destroyed; an entire community. The recent violence in Diyala began the night of Jan. 11, when the Islamic State claimed twin bombings at a coffee shop in Muqdadiyah. More violence was reported Saturday in Samarra, where insurgents last February set off bombs at a sacred Shiite mosque, igniting a wave of sectarian violence. Senseless acts of violence tear at the fabric of Iraqi unity and do not in any way help the people of Iraq or any of its communities. They recovered napalm, pipe and drain cleaner bombs, as well as Molotov cocktails Friday from "a secret compartment that had been created in the floorboards" of the teen's bedroom, Haroldson said. <CN> Can you tell me the source to which you drew, to say that the Arabs are all terrorists and want to conquer us with violence and bombs? To me it appears that ISIS is composed of violence, but they are a minority and an extreme fringe of this community, not the entire community.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> This week, a bomb exploded near a United Nations convoy of workers tasked with monitoring whether a peace plan is working. That has led to sectarian violence -- constant bombings and various smaller attacks. Obviously, neutralizing Israeli extremists wouldn't get rid of all obstacles to peace. To many Middle East observers, the recent spate of violence was a predictable outcome of the breakdown this spring of U.S.-sponsored peace talks. The frequency of terror attacks is not even unusual in Europe's recent history. <CN> The Arabs have no interest in conquering Europe. The majority want to live in peace, as the majority of Italians.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. Because we pay little attention to the effects of our violence in the places we bomb, it appears that terrorism comes out of the blue. Rather than containing violence, the war on terror turned the whole world into a battlefield. On March 19, terrorists killed almost 60 people in several bombings in Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad. Like terrorists, those combating terrorism should also think more like theatre producers and less like army generals. <CN> There is no better way to spread the terrorism that responding with violence.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The majority are trying to escape barrel bombs, chemical attacks, and barbaric violence, caught between the violence of a dictatorial regime and that carried out by terrorists. Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. Al-Moussawi said is Iraq in a "state of war" with terrorists. Refugees from Syria will be carefully vetted, and those with terrorist ties refused. But a state hoping to talk its way to ending terrorist violence both has to maintain its security stance and address the underlying causes of violence. <CN> I don't think responding to violence with violence has ever solved the problem; I wish however to point out that generalizations like the one you made are misleading, some Arabs are terrorists, as some Italians are mobsters, but not all Arabs are terrorists and not all Italians are mobsters.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. Unfortunately, terrorist use of a nuclear bomb is a very real danger. Because we pay little attention to the effects of our violence in the places we bomb, it appears that terrorism comes out of the blue. REUTERS/FBI/HandoutLone wolf terrorism is often cited as the biggest terrorist threat today. Rather than containing violence, the war on terror turned the whole world into a battlefield. <CN> Terrorism is a widespread phenomenon in the world, among Arab, European, American and many Asian and African peoples. It is not possible to consider all Arabs terrorists. There was terrorism also in Italy: are all Italians terrorists?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Their convictions involved not outright violence but material support for a terrorist group; financial or document fraud; weapons violations; and a range of other crimes. He had pleaded guilty to 156 acts of public violence including mobilizing terrorist bombing campaigns, which planted bombs in public places, including the Johannesburg railway station. After covering the explosive with dirt, heavily armed terrorists marched the prisoners to the bomb site, made them sit on the ground and forced them to confess their alleged crimes, the video showed. Daraya rebels accuse government of napalm attackAccording to opposition activists, "government forces and helicopters have dropped about 12 [barrel bombs] today and another 24 yesterday", killing one person and injuring others, Sayah said on Sunday. The robot found 16 homemade bowling ball-like bombs with red and white fuses connected to each other with wires. <CN> We Italians would never want to be generalized with the crimes committed by our fellow mobsters. Why should we do the same with foreign citizens or of other religions?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Rather than shying away, non-Muslims must acknowledge that Islamist violence emerges from a deeply religionized ideology of a corrupted Islam. The problem, he reminds us, is the privileging of religion in general, not just Islam. "These attacks were committed by 'Islamist terrorists,' acting in the name of their religion, Islam, and who want to impose it by force on everybody. Jihadism, however, is something else entirely: It is the doctrine of using force to spread Islamism. Especially worried are members of Assad's Alawite sect, an offshoot of Shiite Islam, and Syria's Christians. <CN> Islam is a religion of love, the fundamentalism of jihad is not Islamism.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> ""To label terrorists as brave and to lay blame for the murders, bombs and beatings of Irish republicans at the government's door is a disgusting accusation. "Terrorism analysts have come to associate this particularly dangerous kind of thinking with Islamist terrorist groups, not Irish Republicans. The notion of a "lone-wolf" has come under question as a faulty analytical concept in understanding the violence in Europe. Britain faced a quarter-century of terror bombings from the Irish Republican Army, which literally called its campaign "the long war." "When the bombs started in Britain, my recollection is that there wasn't any huge upsurge of feeling against the Irish." <CN> So because of Red Brigades also all Italian would be terrorists, because of IRA even all Irish and due to the ETA even all Spanish? In short, here in Europe, we are quite dangerous!
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> She is author of Talking to Terrorists, coauthor of Undercover Jihadi, and her newly released book is Bride of ISIS. Salafism is not, however, a gateway to violence for the tens of millions of its peaceful adherents around the world. Only about an estimated 12% of the foreign assistance budget goes to humanitarian support for refugees caught in the crosshairs of war. Police found no bombs during a search of the high school. Virulent anti-Semitism is, of course, a staple of militant Islamist ideology. <CN> I am not aware that there is a declaration of war to our country. We have, like all states, but much less than most of those in Europe, a small percentage of immigrants that are Muslim, about 3%.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> But there's really a closer analogue for the serial-killer drama, which debuted last night. A quote from David Berkowitz, an American serial killer convicted of eight separate shooting attacks, paints killing as an irresistible urge. Described by his attorney as the definition of heartless evil, serial killer Ted Bundy had a uniquely sinister take on his crimes. When the first film came out there was outrage - and not just over the violence, which prompted calls for it to be banned. In the case of clown-faced serial killer Sweet Tooth, for example, it's to find the one victim that escaped his grasp. <CN> What is this? A recipe for hell or the will of a serial killer?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Today even the most brazen of terrorists generally shun the label. They have put bombs inside the Holy Koran - we found that on several occasions in Ramadi. The discovery of bomb-laden Korans comes as a shock given ISIS' strict implementation of Sharia law. The announcement from Col. Warren came as images emerged of bomb-laden Korans hidden in a bush. Neither had a history of violence nor criminal record, and both generally were described as pleasant people. <CN> In the Koran, there is not even a word that can legitimize or at least justify terrorism. I invite you to read it to enrich the general culture.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Officials declared the blasts acts of terrorism, one of the worst since the country gained independence from ... Times Square is depicted as a possible car bomb target in the latest issue of terror magazine Inspire. One article was titled: "Make a bomb in the kitchen of your mom." Morton had risen through the ranks of the Palestine Police from humble origins. The report says the tale of indiscriminate terrorist violence in New York "brings into focus some of the worst American fears - that is, Muslims or Arabs attacking the country, murdering men, women and children ... and 'attacking our way of life'. <CN> Do you say that what leads to acts of terrorism is the country of origin? So, if you are born in Egypt you have smoothed the career?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. Because we pay little attention to the effects of our violence in the places we bomb, it appears that terrorism comes out of the blue. But a state hoping to talk its way to ending terrorist violence both has to maintain its security stance and address the underlying causes of violence. The majority are trying to escape barrel bombs, chemical attacks, and barbaric violence, caught between the violence of a dictatorial regime and that carried out by terrorists. "He called for a stronger relationship between federal and local officials to address American violence with the same sense of urgency and priority given to global terrorism. <CN> Responding to violence with violence is never the best answer. And history should teach us. Also, it would be good to not throw babies the bath water. Terrorism is not just a given geographic or ethnic belonging.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Others said the media was the chief instrument of Islamophobia, particularly through the frequent linking of "Islam" and "Muslim" with words such as extremism, terrorism and bombing. In so doing, it established itself as a leader of resistance and rode the wave of Arab anti-Americanism. Photograph: China Stringer Network/ReutersThree people were killed and 79 wounded in a bomb attack at a railway station in the far-west region of Xinjiang after the Chinese president, Xi Jinping, finished a four-day tour of the region vowing to step up anti-terrorism efforts. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. Police take aim at a man playing the role of an attacker holding a woman hostage, during an anti-terrorism drill at a railway station in Zhengzhou, China. <CN> Do you know by chance the anti-terrorism or prevention of radicalization policies? It's the West that creates the best conditions for the proliferation of extremism.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> They recovered napalm, pipe and drain cleaner bombs, as well as Molotov cocktails Friday from "a secret compartment that had been created in the floorboards" of the teen's bedroom, Haroldson said. In October, homemade bombs were left in front of the U.S. Embassy in Caracas, Venezuela, which is next to a school. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. The implications of such lawlessness could be dire, U.S. and Paraguayan officials said. Facebook removed her post within hours, said Sigbjorn Aanes, one of Solberg's aides. <CN> These are stereotypes and prejudices that kill any chance of comparison and that cause intolerance and unjustified hatred. Following the clichés is not constructive, we must inquire and open our mind.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. If one bomb [strikes] Iran, one bomb, [Bush] will see the world burning.... The Assad administration has blamed insurgent terrorists for the series of car bomb attacks. Because we pay little attention to the effects of our violence in the places we bomb, it appears that terrorism comes out of the blue. Rather than containing violence, the war on terror turned the whole world into a battlefield. <CN> You accuse them of terrorism and of wanting to conquer with violence and bombs, and then propose yourself violence and bombs . I do not think this will lead to something positive.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Many Muslims see Americans dropping bombs in Iraq or Afghanistan and think that Christians don't value human life. Right now there are just as many Muslims as Christians here. Of course, many of these students come from families who fled countries terrorized by Muslim extremists and have no sympathy for them. The other sentence is: Frankly, Muslim life is cheap, especially for Muslims. She also grew tired of the government's control over her life. <CN> How many Muslims have you met in your life to be able to make this kind of judgment?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> NearDeathExperienceOthers focused on the discrimination Muslims and Arabs face as a result of negative stereotypes. suey_park imraansiddiqi RaniaKhalekSteven SalaitaMany of the messages protested depictions of Muslims and Arabs as terrorists. Stern's men planted bombs, robbed banks and killed British officials as well as Jews and Arabs. I'm: #NotYourTerroristArjun SethiOthers discussed the impact of the September 11, 2001 attacks on discrimination against Muslims and Arabs. Hezbollah has penetrated the area, and part of that smuggling money is used to finance terrorist attacks, he said. <CN> The Arabs are not all terrorists. The extremists represent only a small part of the total Muslim population. We should not generalize, but dialogue.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The fact of the matter is that the vast majority of ISIS fighters are not particularly religious. That image perfectly captures the hijacking of the faith by radicals and the truth that Muslims are the primary victims of terrorism and the main target of retaliatory violence. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. "No religion condones the killing of innocents, and the vast majority of [the Islamic State's] victims have been Muslim," Obama said. The vast majority of Muslims recognize that his claims to religious authority are a farce. <CN> In reality, the vast majority of Muslims in Syria or Yemen, for example, of which terrorists are a tiny minority, suffers violence and is bombed. They are victims of profit at all costs, of our arms industry.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. The cumulative effect of this recent mindless violence is hugely disturbing. On their Web page, local Hezbollah militants in Venezuela call their fight against the United States a holy war and post photographs of would-be suicide terrorists with masks and bombs. Facebook has decided to re-publish the iconic photo of a girl running from napalm bombs during the Vietnam War after its decision to ban the image sparked a public outcry. <CN> It's like saying that Italians are all mobsters and they deserve life imprisonment.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Two car bombs struck Sunni Arab areas of Baghdad, killing three in Dora and one in Saydia. The Israelis should stop the bombs, and the Arabs in Gaza should stop the rockets, he says. Stern's men planted bombs, robbed banks and killed British officials as well as Jews and Arabs. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. More violence was reported Saturday in Samarra, where insurgents last February set off bombs at a sacred Shiite mosque, igniting a wave of sectarian violence. <CN> Selective Napalm? We throw it over our city and we hope it will hit the Arabs?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> If one bomb [strikes] Iran, one bomb, [Bush] will see the world burning.... The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. The Syrian air force has been bombing anti-government rebels—as well as innocent civilians—with crude barrel bombs that rarely hit their targets. Much like that well-­timed static, the smart in smart bomb does some ideological work, masking the inherent violence and mayhem of aerial bombing. Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. <CN> Better a smart bomb. Oh, no. That threatens to hit you.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Kim Phuc (center) suffered burns from an aerial napalm bombing in 1972 during the Vietnam War that left her disfigured. Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. Until the Palestinians renounce violence, they cannot be given a new country. For seven nights in a row, America dropped bombs on this camp. <CN> This statement is very cruel. Can you tell me if you strongly believe in this statement? Where does all this anger come from?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Defense attorney Michael Deutsch said prosecutors brought the ominous-sounding terrorism charges to make a splash in the media. According to data gathered by the New America Foundation, 207 people motivated by al Qaeda's ideology of violence against American targets have been indicted in the U.S. on terrorism-related charges since 9/11. Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. People kill with that, and they have planned terrorist attacks from there, said Luttwak, who has been a terrorism consultant to the CIA and the National Security Council. <CN> Who is really in charge to combat terrorism would not agree with you.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> If these people can be labeled terrorists, we are all in trouble. Look at Mosul: this is a city that is home to 1.5 million people, and at most 15,000 Isis terrorists. Kim Phuc (center) suffered burns from an aerial napalm bombing in 1972 during the Vietnam War that left her disfigured. Data mining companies like Palantir have developed software that can track terrorists in Afghanistan and help Marines identify roadside bombs. <CN> Really, with napalm. And then where? They are not all terrorists as you say, some belong to ISIS but others are people like you and me.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> On Sunday, a truck bomb in Ramadi killed five people and wounded seven. In Diyala, a powerful roadside bomb exploded Sunday in Baladroz, , wounding 20 people. In the first, a car bomb exploded at the Israeli Embassy, killing 29 people. Four German peacekeepers were killed in a car bomb attack in Kabul in June 2003. Other violence today killed dozens of people around Iraq, according to police and military reports given to reporters. <CN> So when there were mafia attacks all the southern people were mobsters?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. "Hundreds of young men here are deciding whether or not to speak with investigators. "A couple of callers said, 'You need to stop being an Arab,' " Hanania says. suey_park imraansiddiqi RaniaKhalekSteven SalaitaMany of the messages protested depictions of Muslims and Arabs as terrorists. "I don't think any money is going to terrorists," said Mohammad Ramadan, 34, of Paterson. <CN> It does not seem correct to me to generalize. If some Arabs are terrorists, that does not mean they all are. Some Italian men kill their partners/wives, does this mean that we are a nation of uxoricide?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The attacks came after an overall lull in violence in Iraq recently compared with the number of attacks in previous months and years. So why has the French leader responded to violence with more violence?What happened in Paris has been described as a Mumbai-style attack, but it did not provoke a Mumbai-style response. Attacks on mosques in Afghanistan are rare, and until recent years were unheard of. More violence was reported Saturday in Samarra, where insurgents last February set off bombs at a sacred Shiite mosque, igniting a wave of sectarian violence. The area's tribes have long had tense relations, with intermittent violence going back years. <CN> I understand the fear that all these dramatic events in recent years have caused, but you can never respond to violence with more violence or generalizations of this type.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The bombs investigators found included pipe bombs, Molotov cocktails, a Drano bomb and a napalm bomb, Haroldson said. Kim Phuc (center) suffered burns from an aerial napalm bombing in 1972 during the Vietnam War that left her disfigured. Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. Police found no bombs during a search of the high school. Individually, these can be extinguished as easily as a magnesium bomb. <CN> Bombs and napalm are to ban for those who have not yet understood that we would all die.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Phuc was injured by a napalm bomb in Vietnam 40 years ago. The bombs investigators found included pipe bombs, Molotov cocktails, a Drano bomb and a napalm bomb, Haroldson said. As for the rhyme how about:"sensual A-bomb"Liz Kelly: Oooh, sensual A-Bomb is very good. Kim Phuc (center) suffered burns from an aerial napalm bombing in 1972 during the Vietnam War that left her disfigured. After calling Jessica Simpson sexual napalm, he called her crack cocaine, which altho not a good idea probably feels really good. <CN> Good evening, so you're telling me that you would burn with napalm Arab children?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> He had pleaded guilty to 156 acts of public violence including mobilizing terrorist bombing campaigns, which planted bombs in public places, including the Johannesburg railway station. The bombs investigators found included pipe bombs, Molotov cocktails, a Drano bomb and a napalm bomb, Haroldson said. Daraya rebels accuse government of napalm attackAccording to opposition activists, "government forces and helicopters have dropped about 12 [barrel bombs] today and another 24 yesterday", killing one person and injuring others, Sayah said on Sunday. Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. <CN> A criminal should be treated like a criminal, a person - even if with a religious belief different from mine - must be respected as a person.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Only the muslim terrorist is capable of mass murder of civilian lives. Generally speaking, the terrorists have not been operatives of any established terrorist organization, the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs noted in a statement Thursday. The common denominator of the Jihadists/Terrorists is their membership to âthe religion of peace". Plane downings full of western passengers is a spectacular event much desired by islamic terrorists. Of the 54 non-jihadist terrorists indicted between 2010 and 2012, 47 were right-wing extremists. <CN> Arabic, Islamic and terrorist are very different terms that we must learn to use. Arab: inhabitants of Arabia, Syria, Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq. Muslims: those who profess the religion of Islam Terrorists: Islam extremists.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. The majority are trying to escape barrel bombs, chemical attacks, and barbaric violence, caught between the violence of a dictatorial regime and that carried out by terrorists. Facebook pages calling for violence against left-wingers and Arabs appear frequently, and even when they're taken down, they pop up again in one guise or another. But the New America data shows that domestic terrorists motivated by non-jihadist ideologies now pose a similar or even greater threat than those who admire al Qaeda. <CN> Good evening, I would be interested to read articles and studies on the Arab plan to conquer the West, could you add me links? Thank you.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Other violence today killed dozens of people around Iraq, according to police and military reports given to reporters. A statement from more than 30 rebel groups, including the faction backed by the West, said the bombing campaign which killed dozens of people in the past few days was unprecedented. The subtext of most modern dystopias is the futility of rebellion. The cumulative effect of this recent mindless violence is hugely disturbing. A number of other factories have been found closer to Baghdad. <CN> Generalization is always misleading. Arabs are not all terrorists, some of them are; as if someone in the 70s said that Italians were all members of the Red Brigade. Battisti, who in recent days has been arrested and others were, but they were still a handful of people when compared to the number of inhabitants of Italy, so we are wrong every time we throw the baby out with the bath water.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. One republican former prisoner recalled: We went in bad terrorists and came out good terrorists. Condemning the attack as "an act of non-Muslim and defeated terrorists", he called on Afghans to be vigilant and "not allow foreigners to conspire against their national security". Of the 54 non-jihadist terrorists indicted between 2010 and 2012, 47 were right-wing extremists. All of his bombs were homemade — and all of their ingredients were legally purchased, Orman said. <CN> We have hundreds of muslims workers that are very quiet in Italy, are they all dormant terrorists?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> If one bomb [strikes] Iran, one bomb, [Bush] will see the world burning.... The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. Two car bombs struck Sunni Arab areas of Baghdad, killing three in Dora and one in Saydia. The Israelis should stop the bombs, and the Arabs in Gaza should stop the rockets, he says. Stern's men planted bombs, robbed banks and killed British officials as well as Jews and Arabs. <CN> Excuse me, but why should the Arabs want to conquer us with violence and bombs?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Etched on the other is a symbol of a cross that dates from the Crusades of the Middle Ages. More violence was reported Saturday in Samarra, where insurgents last February set off bombs at a sacred Shiite mosque, igniting a wave of sectarian violence. The government delegation, however, says that cannot happen before there is a halt to violence by "terrorists", as the Syrian authorities refer to the rebels fighting to topple Assad. They recovered napalm, pipe and drain cleaner bombs, as well as Molotov cocktails Friday from "a secret compartment that had been created in the floorboards" of the teen's bedroom, Haroldson said. "Such incidents increase our fears that the violence will mount. ... <CN> You're generalizing baseless. Violence causes violence, unfortunately, so between responsible and advanced adults always choose the dialogue option. So we won't return to the Middle Ages.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. By burying the waste in its backyard near Naples and the surrounding region of Campania, where the Camorra was born, the mob ensured a measure of protection, and silence. The cumulative effect of this recent mindless violence is hugely disturbing. Facebook has decided to re-publish the iconic photo of a girl running from napalm bombs during the Vietnam War after its decision to ban the image sparked a public outcry. <CN> We also bombard Lombardy because there are corrupts and Campania because there is the Camorra? For a few guilty we cannot generalize.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Islamic terrorists carry out three suicide bomb attacks in the city of Dahab, killing 23 people. Shoe bomber Richard Reid after his arrest (Photo: AP)The atrocious Boston marathon bombing was a reminder of the hurt and sorrow that can be caused by Islamic terrorists. Just to be clear: The people who commit violence in the name of Islam are not Muslims, they are murderers. He combines the three deadly aspects of the original Islamic terrorists - death cult, targeting civilians and asymmetrical fighting - with a new element. While Osama bin Laden may be dead, a new second generation of Islamic terrorists has taken their place, and they have opened franchises throughout the world, in Pakistan, Somalia, Yemen, and even in Europe. <CN> The Islamic terrorists actually are not very religious, they are second generation, grown in the absence of values
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. The terrorists also plan on detonating suicide bombs and gunning down tourists with automatic rifles, Italian security sources told German newspaper Bild. NearDeathExperienceOthers focused on the discrimination Muslims and Arabs face as a result of negative stereotypes. suey_park imraansiddiqi RaniaKhalekSteven SalaitaMany of the messages protested depictions of Muslims and Arabs as terrorists. On March 19, terrorists killed almost 60 people in several bombings in Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad. <CN> There are Arab terrorists, as there are English terrorists, Italian and French. These stereotypes won't help us to fight terrorism.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Unfortunately, terrorist use of a nuclear bomb is a very real danger. Kim Phuc (center) suffered burns from an aerial napalm bombing in 1972 during the Vietnam War that left her disfigured. With these relatively small amounts, a terrorist group could potentially build a bomb with the power of thousands of tons of high explosive. What materials could terrorists use to make a nuclear bomb?To make a nuclear bomb requires either highly enriched uranium (HEU) or plutonium. Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. <CN> The Italians are all thieves and mobsters, the Swiss are all punctual, Africans are all poor, all Germans are Nazis. But on what basis do you make these statements? .you are just following clichés without any foundation.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Two car bombs struck Sunni Arab areas of Baghdad, killing three in Dora and one in Saydia. The report says the tale of indiscriminate terrorist violence in New York "brings into focus some of the worst American fears - that is, Muslims or Arabs attacking the country, murdering men, women and children ... and 'attacking our way of life'. While Muslims could be victims of such attacks, they will also pay a heavy price because of their faith. With the exception of Egypt, which has a peace treaty with Israel, Arab countries do not recognize Israel's existence. She is author of Talking to Terrorists, coauthor of Undercover Jihadi, and her newly released book is Bride of ISIS. <CN> What do you mean by the term 'Arabs'? If you refer to professors of the Islamic faith, they do not necessarily coincide with the inhabitants of Arab countries, given that minorities of Christians also live in these countries.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Islamic terrorists carry out three suicide bomb attacks in the city of Dahab, killing 23 people. But many say Arab terrorists killed the Palestinian moderate for talking with Israelis about an agreement. Seventeen U.S. servicemen were killed when Islamic terrorists bombed the USS Cole at a Yemen port in 2000. Islamic terrorists bombed U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania simultaneously in 1998, killing 258 and wounding more than 5,000. He then joked about liking TV shows that showed Arab terrorists killing Americans and admiring fashion designer John Galliano for hating the Jews. <CN> If you refer, as I imagine, to Islamic terrorists, it is true, there are Arab terrorists. Just as there are Italian mafia, but not for that I identify with them.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Two car bombs struck Sunni Arab areas of Baghdad, killing three in Dora and one in Saydia. The Israelis should stop the bombs, and the Arabs in Gaza should stop the rockets, he says. Stern's men planted bombs, robbed banks and killed British officials as well as Jews and Arabs. The British saw Stern as a potential Quisling who was ready to do deals with the Italians and even the Germans. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. <CN> As Italians are all mobsters, the Germans are all Nazis, but as you will know these are prejudices, such as yours on Arabs.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> "Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said in a statement Thursday that "the United States condemns all forms of terrorism and sectarian-driven violence, wherever it occurs." Just more of the same?Israelis are being accused of suffering too few casualties in their confrontation with the Hamas terrorists. Patrick M. O'Brien, the assistant secretary of the Treasury in charge of fighting terrorist financing, acknowledged flatly that we are worried. They witnessed how the elite soldiers' intense exercise regimen has prepared them to face all forms of terrorism or threats in the Kingdom. The subtext of most modern dystopias is the futility of rebellion. <CN> In Europe we have different forms of terrorism eta, ira, even in Italy we have had various forms of terrorism, black and red. Even the Mafia has used terrorist strategies.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> On Sunday, a truck bomb in Ramadi killed five people and wounded seven. In Diyala, a powerful roadside bomb exploded Sunday in Baladroz, , wounding 20 people. On Thursday, homemade bombs exploded in Kirkuk and Baghdad, killing 2 people and wounding 10, police officials said. A bomb in a Kabul Internet cafe in May killed three people, including a UN worker from Myanmar. As the terrorists withdrew, they started shooting at the houses in the neighborhood. <CN> It would be like saying that all Italians are mobsters and kill people with a shotgun or dissolve children in acid. You can never generalize.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> This is an important point of view to recall since the current lack of violence is viewed as short term by Hamas. Some of those interviewed believed that the film industry is used as a tool of foreign policy in western countries to demonise Muslims and galvanise public distrust. Other violence today killed dozens of people around Iraq, according to police and military reports given to reporters. Suicide bomb attacks, car bombings and other violence have killed more than 3,000 people since April, including more than 500 since the start of July, according to an Associated Press count. The New America data supports the Department of Homeland Security's assessment of the growing threat of right-wing extremist groups. <CN> As specified in the reports of various associations such as Amnesty report, the violation of human rights is far distributed in the world. Western states do not shine for lack of violence, especially to foreign countries.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> But the refrain of the Hindu nationalists -- "all Muslims are not terrorists but all terrorists are Muslims" -- is no less wrong and dangerous. That said, while very few Salafists are terrorists, jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists. Many of the terrorists are recent converts to the Muslim faith, there are no records. The Hindu right's old adage, that "while not every Muslim is a terrorist, every terrorist is a Muslim," could no longer be trotted out with a straight face. Like many Indians, Aseemanand was furious with terrorist attacks in the country carried out by Muslims. <CN> I personally know the beautician Laila, the waitress Hind, the gardener Malik. All Muslims, no terrorist.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> As the terrorists withdrew, they started shooting at the houses in the neighborhood. More violence was reported Saturday in Samarra, where insurgents last February set off bombs at a sacred Shiite mosque, igniting a wave of sectarian violence. In the first, a car bomb exploded at the Israeli Embassy, killing 29 people. "Hanania hosts Radio Chicagoland, a five day-a-week talk radio show aimed at Arab Americans. Two car bombs struck Sunni Arab areas of Baghdad, killing three in Dora and one in Saydia. <CN> There is no attempt at conquest by the Arabs, rather are Westerners and China that conquer and exploit.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Just more of the same?Israelis are being accused of suffering too few casualties in their confrontation with the Hamas terrorists. And we have forgotten that these acts of terror in Europe are mild in comparison with the violence people are experiencing elsewhere. The cumulative effect of this recent mindless violence is hugely disturbing. Defense lawyers scoffed at the portrayal of their clients as terrorists. <CN> The Arabs are not all terrorists, a generalization like this is dangerous, as it is dangerous to think to solve the problem of terrorism by answering with the same violence.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The Assad administration has blamed insurgent terrorists for the series of car bomb attacks. UPDATE: All sports events in Paris this weekend have been canceled following the terrorist attacks. On March 19, terrorists killed almost 60 people in several bombings in Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad. But turning against Syrians fleeing horror and violence in the Middle East is precisely the wrong response to last week's terrorist attacks in Paris. "Indonesian authorities continue to arrest terrorists who have allegedly been in the advanced stages of attack planning. <CN> Did you know that the only terrorist attacks in Italy were made by Italians?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. On March 19, terrorists killed almost 60 people in several bombings in Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad. "There is a nationalist terrorist wave by fire terrorists meant to murder civilians and cause fright. No one claimed responsibility for the bombs, which Syrian television blamed on what the government says are foreign-backed terrorists. What does this tell terrorists, that if you capture a U.S. soldier, you can trade that soldier for five terrorists we've gone after? <CN> Arab population is full of differences inside itself, they are not all terrorists.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> In partnership with Syracuse University's Maxwell School of Public Policy, the New America Foundation has conducted a survey of terrorism incidents and cases in the United States since September 11 motivated by political ideologies other than the violent Islamism advocated by bin Laden. Because we pay little attention to the effects of our violence in the places we bomb, it appears that terrorism comes out of the blue. To claim that these attacks had nothing to do with a number of Islamic beliefs -- albeit cherrypicked -- is preposterous. The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. The Pentagon says these bombs likely killed only six civilians, along with at least 25,000 Islamic State fighters. <CN> Islam is a religion manipulated by terrorism that uses it as a shield. The same thing happened in the years of lead in Italy with terrorism that exploited political ideologies and parties.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> But the refrain of the Hindu nationalists -- "all Muslims are not terrorists but all terrorists are Muslims" -- is no less wrong and dangerous. That said, while very few Salafists are terrorists, jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists. Many of the terrorists are recent converts to the Muslim faith, there are no records. Israeli security forces reportedly discovered pipe bombs inside the mosque when they intervened to stop the violence. Yes, the generality that religious violence is plotted mostly by individuals of the Muslim faith is supported by many Americans. <CN> With violence and wars nothing good is gained, we must instead seek a peaceful solution. If you inform yourself, you will find out that the Arabs are not all terrorists and some are not even Muslims.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> "It seems that the terrorists want to abort the upcoming Arab Summit in Baghdad. The Green Movement was suppressed through barbaric violence but its example helped kindle the Arab Spring. Two car bombs struck Sunni Arab areas of Baghdad, killing three in Dora and one in Saydia. Stern's men planted bombs, robbed banks and killed British officials as well as Jews and Arabs. The terrorists also plan on detonating suicide bombs and gunning down tourists with automatic rifles, Italian security sources told German newspaper Bild. <CN> No Arab country has declared its intention to conquer Italy, they know that wouldn't be worthwhile to anyone .
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Two car bombs struck Sunni Arab areas of Baghdad, killing three in Dora and one in Saydia. Stern's men planted bombs, robbed banks and killed British officials as well as Jews and Arabs. Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. The poll was conducted in all 19 East Jerusalem Arab neighborhoods. <CN> Excuse me but how many Arabs do you know personally?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Socialism is a broad road of prosperity for people of all ethnic groups in Xinjiang. What we ask for is that justice and equity prevail among all of the ethnic groups in Iraq. The great homeland is a beautiful home of happy life of people of all ethnic groups in Xinjiang. al asaadThe authorities destroyed 3 terrorists cars, attacked FSA bases in Ein Tarma where they killed 10s of terrorists. Over the past several years, acts or plots of non-jihadist terrorism have derived almost entirely from right-wing extremists like the soldiers' militia in Georgia and the anti-government group in Louisiana. <CN> Do not you think it is unfair to blame an entire category of persons defined by you 'Arab' for the actions of a few? Crime and terrorism, unfortunately, have always existed and always have different colours and ethnic groups. There are Arab terrorists as Italian terrorists.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Rights activists have said some countries including Jordan and Algeria, the home nations of many Muslims in Britain, have records on torture. Of course, many of these students come from families who fled countries terrorized by Muslim extremists and have no sympathy for them. She also grew tired of the government's control over her life. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. More violence was reported Saturday in Samarra, where insurgents last February set off bombs at a sacred Shiite mosque, igniting a wave of sectarian violence. <CN> The phenomenon of terrorism is surely to keep under control, but do you know how many Muslims there are in the world, and how many terrorists?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> al asaadThe authorities destroyed 3 terrorists cars, attacked FSA bases in Ein Tarma where they killed 10s of terrorists. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. #notyourterroristSarahMany said society overlooks violent attacks from members of other groups because there is a double standard, making "terrorism" synonymous with actions of Arabs and Muslims. "This search should encompass European countries that harbor a number of terrorists in their land. suey_park imraansiddiqi RaniaKhalekSteven SalaitaMany of the messages protested depictions of Muslims and Arabs as terrorists. <CN> Although terrorism is a phenomenon that has to be monitored not all Arabs are terrorists and generalize in this way leads to a lot of ignorance.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Many of the terrorists are recent converts to the Muslim faith, there are no records. From islams prophet to his imams, killing non-believers is not a crime but a muslims duty. Yes, the generality that religious violence is plotted mostly by individuals of the Muslim faith is supported by many Americans. Jews, Hindus, Christians, secular people — to these terrorists, we are kuffar, a highly derogatory Arabic term referring to non-Muslims. Are these preachers of hate guilty of inciting mass violence?Comparing Breivik with any number of global neo-jihadi terrorists clarifies this issue. <CN> Although there are certainly Muslims who have committed horrendous crimes, I find it unfair to generalize and condemn an
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> A few terrorist attacks, such as the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie in 1988, kill hundreds. And a Syrian barrel bomb attack killed 17 children in Aleppo. A few weeks ago a bomb in a school killed 29 children. A car bomb detonated in northern Baghdad, killing a 4-year-old child. In the first, a car bomb exploded at the Israeli Embassy, killing 29 people. <CN> Certainly terrorism is a problem, but killing is definitely not the best solution.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Phuc was injured by a napalm bomb in Vietnam 40 years ago. The bombs investigators found included pipe bombs, Molotov cocktails, a Drano bomb and a napalm bomb, Haroldson said. Kim Phuc (center) suffered burns from an aerial napalm bombing in 1972 during the Vietnam War that left her disfigured. She didn't know until later, but the bombs carried napalm, a gel-like incendiary that clings to its victims as it burns. Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. <CN> The napalm? So when they are still 'at home'? How sad, stupid generalizations.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The subtext of most modern dystopias is the futility of rebellion. A number of other factories have been found closer to Baghdad. Three terrorists armed with bombs and gunsat the busy airport in Turkey. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. But the precedent of large-scale international consultation is seen as a useful one to demonstrate to Assad that his number of friends is dwindling. <CN> The number of mosques is not even remotely comparable to the number of churches, let's not panic.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Two car bombs struck Sunni Arab areas of Baghdad, killing three in Dora and one in Saydia. The Israelis should stop the bombs, and the Arabs in Gaza should stop the rockets, he says. Stern's men planted bombs, robbed banks and killed British officials as well as Jews and Arabs. As to my original reason for seeing the film, to learn whether it incites hatred of Muslims and Arabs? That ethnic warfare has spilled over into Chad, inspiring copycat violence among Chadian Arabs and cross-border raids on villages by Sudanese militias. <CN> The Arabs are a people rich in culture and history and also in contradictions as the so-called Westerns and inciting hatred is uncivilized and blind.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. Because we pay little attention to the effects of our violence in the places we bomb, it appears that terrorism comes out of the blue. Indeed, we know that the war on terror kills more civilians than terrorism does. Rather than containing violence, the war on terror turned the whole world into a battlefield. On March 19, terrorists killed almost 60 people in several bombings in Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad. <CN> Terrorism has no culture or ethnicity, how do you accuse of terrorism an entire population? What data do you have?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Violence in Iraq has dropped to its lowest levels since the spring of 2004, but bombs continue to go off nearly every day. To achieve this objective, its members are even willing to turn their own children into human bombs, just to kill the hated Jews. Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. This is a positive step: it means they are not throwing the baby out with the bath water, Mr. Moore said of keeping books on the shelves for now. <CN> Throwing the baby out with the bath water creates a useless hate.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> This month, people in Afula attacked an Arab correspondent for an Israeli TV network and his Jewish crew while they reported on a stabbing attack. The bombs are sometimes assembled in farm compounds or in mechanic shops in industrial areas. Israelis and Palestinians have been killed as violence spikes in recent weeks in the region. Four German peacekeepers were killed in a car bomb attack in Kabul in June 2003. Two car bombs struck Sunni Arab areas of Baghdad, killing three in Dora and one in Saydia. <CN> The Arabs are several hundred million if they were all terrorists they would have already destroyed Europe. The terrorists are a minority, which often damages other Arabs: in the attacks committed by Arabs, there have been many more Arab victims than European victims. Much is said about the terrorist attacks in Europe, but there are many more attacks in Asia and Africa.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The flying branch used fire barrels as well as normal incendiary bombs. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. He expected the ammo to detonate after the first bombs triggered a fire. The Assad administration has blamed insurgent terrorists for the series of car bomb attacks. If 3rd exit is blocked by napalm fire, or is locked, run to 1st entrance. <CN> You would really use incendiary bombs to set fire to people because someone among them could have mental problems?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> In time, there will likely be an Arab and Indian-American Denzel Washington and Spike Lee. "Hanania hosts Radio Chicagoland, a five day-a-week talk radio show aimed at Arab Americans. Two car bombs struck Sunni Arab areas of Baghdad, killing three in Dora and one in Saydia. The Israelis should stop the bombs, and the Arabs in Gaza should stop the rockets, he says. Stern's men planted bombs, robbed banks and killed British officials as well as Jews and Arabs. <CN> Arabs is just a generic word just like Europeans or Americans that does not consider the thousand existing differences and in any case sowing fear is the real gesture to be condemned.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Especially at night, the bombardment intensifies, it becomes more violent, using all kinds of weapons, phosphorous and napalm and cluster bombs, Mishal told Reuters. The Jewish Agency terrorist forces blasted the entrance to the hotel by a small bomb and then placed bombs in the basement of the building. The cumulative effect of this recent mindless violence is hugely disturbing. Taxi driver Ali Khalil was passing nearby when the first bomb exploded. For seven nights in a row, America dropped bombs on this camp. <CN> Where did you obtain this information from? Can you send me the source?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> On Sunday, a truck bomb in Ramadi killed five people and wounded seven. In Diyala, a powerful roadside bomb exploded Sunday in Baladroz, , wounding 20 people. Terrorists want to create fear and terror - it is what they exist to do. In the first, a car bomb exploded at the Israeli Embassy, killing 29 people. A bomb in a Kabul Internet cafe in May killed three people, including a UN worker from Myanmar. <CN> The vast majority of the nearly two billion Muslims are normal people, like me or you, absolutely peaceful. Few radicalized individuals should not make us generalize. In Italy we also had the indigenous terrorism, this should not allow anyone to do the Italian = terrorist juxtaposition.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. On March 19, terrorists killed almost 60 people in several bombings in Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad. FBI handout photo of Dzhokhar (L) and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the lone-wolf terrorists behind the Boston Marathan bombing, April 18, 2013. Because we pay little attention to the effects of our violence in the places we bomb, it appears that terrorism comes out of the blue. The majority are trying to escape barrel bombs, chemical attacks, and barbaric violence, caught between the violence of a dictatorial regime and that carried out by terrorists. <CN> Do you really think that terrorism is an ethnic character? And the mafia, for example, how do you explain it?
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. The Assad administration has blamed insurgent terrorists for the series of car bomb attacks. Iraq has become a front for militant extremism — a front the United States created. The United States military has promoted the councils as a major factor in reducing violence. But it appears to be using a more limited offensive, as the United States requested. <CN> All terrorists? My aunt, married to an Arab man, has two wonderful children and lives in the United States. The Arab man in this case has only won the heart of my aunt, no violence or bombs.
<HS> The Arabs are all terrorists and they want to conquer us with the violence and the bombs. We must respond with napalm. <knowl> The Assad administration has blamed insurgent terrorists for the series of car bomb attacks. First, it only shows the frequency of terrorist attacks and attempted attacks, not severity. The types of organized groups that carry out terrorist attacks, meanwhile, have become extremely diverse. And, notably, guns have never figured heavily in U.S. terrorist attacks.8) North America suffers far, far fewer terrorist attacks than most other regions around the world. "Indonesian authorities continue to arrest terrorists who have allegedly been in the advanced stages of attack planning. <CN> Good evening, the main victims of the terrorist attacks are the inhabitants of Arab countries. For the most part, then, they are victims, not terrorists.
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> In so doing, they are presenting a decidedly unfriendly face of Islam. There are also a number of other Islamic veils that do not cover the face, such as the chador, which is often worn by Iranian women. Of course its historical antecedents as an explicit requirement of Islam are suspect. In a population of 23 million, only about 400,000 Australians are Muslim. In 2007, full-face Islamic veils were banned from public places in France. <CN> I do not believe that they are replacing us, because in Italy the Islamic religion population is only 4%. Women can choose to wear the veil or not, and only the most radical forms of Islam require the use of the burqa.
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> Kamala joins a small but growing number of Muslim comic book superheroes. Imagine the mainly Christian West expelling all of the muslim faith and not allowing their belief. As European countries try to accommodate millions of Muslim refugees, citizens and leaders alike have portrayed Muslims as culturally incompatible with Western societies. A lot of Muslims married British or parsis Christians and Hindus. Alamy)The Catholic Church has identified the enemy of Italian marriages: Mamma. <CN> Hi, do you think that it's really possible to talk about substitution when the number of citizens of the Muslim faith (including Italian) does not even reach 5% of the total population?
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> Old houses, particularly, are notorious for their lack of closet space. "The citizens of Italy need an answer to this economic crisis. Home stores offer a wide range of inexpensive ceiling fixtures these days. As a contributing writer to Old House Web and host of greenovation. For many chronically ill older patients, house calls are replacing some hospital stays. <CN> The percentage of Muslims in Italy is 5%, so I do not think it's possible to think that they are replacing us.
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> Many new graves contain the bodies of Christians killed during targeted attacks against the community. American ally Saudi Arabia may be as totalitarian as North Korea, though with Islam replacing Communism. The Kurdistan regional government has committed to build a new church to replace the prefabricated home that now serves as a chapel, according to Mufeed Haddad, mayor of the Christian settlement. Hindu mobs burnt more than a dozen churches and attacked Christians after a Hindu leader was killed. Roman Catholic Church officials oppose a ban, saying it places Christians in Muslim countries at risk of retaliation. <CN> There are more than 800 churches only in Rome, and about 10 mosques (of which only 5 with the minaret). They are a minority: none (that I know) has ever had the need to build a new church, but everyone is entitled to a place where to practice their religion. The fact that the Islamic community requires that their right is respected does not mean that they are becoming more than the Christians, or more powerful.
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> This means estimates of the French Muslim population come from private groups — one widely cited study from Pew, for example, pegged the French Muslim population at 4.7 million in 2010, which would be 7.5 percent of France's total population. Or, does allowing the Burqu to be worn in public expose French liberties to the tyrany of Islamic fundamentalism. In another measure of growing European angst about Islam, Switzerland has banned the construction of minarets, the prayer towers on mosques. In France, which has Europe's largest Muslim population, about 5 million of the country's 64 million people are believed to be Muslim. And the burqa is certainly not in any of these categories. <CN> I do not think that people requesting political asylum in Italy come here for no reason. They flee because in their homeland there wasn't a situation that favoured their stay. We cannot talk about a replacement because the Muslim population represents only a small part of the total Italian population. Men do not hit women, and only the most radical forms of Islam impose the burqa.
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> This state, says the USCIRF, continues to be responsible for systematic, ongoing, and egregious violations of freedom of religion or belief. iReporters said they strongly opposed the French ban, even though they're not Muslim themselves, because of their views on freedom of religion. Erdogan: Freedom of religion andconscience cannot be restricted"Forcing people to dress in the same way is not something acceptable, democratically," Celik said. That portion of Utah's bigamy law prohibiting multiple marriages license was left in place by U.S. District Judge Clark Waddoups when he decided that a provision of the state law forbidding cohabitation violated the family's freedom of religion. Observes the USCIRF: many of the countries where there are serious challenges to freedom of religion or belief are strategically vital to their neighbors, our own nation, and the world. <CN> Hi, I do not think that those who profess the true Muslim faith can admit violence against women or non-respect for freedom of religion. The Koran makes no references in this sense, those who act in this way are doing it going against the same provisions of belief that say to be inspired.
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> At the same time, it launched a process of "decohabitation" to help multiple wives trapped in small apartments with numerous children to move into their own homes. Plant said Asha had planned to leave the house this month. No wonder so many wives feel like intruders rather than brides. Many who know Mr. Gingrich see parallels with his earlier wives. <CN> Yeah, because here in Italy no one has ever beat his wife .
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> The common denominator among the many societies aeound the world that dehumanize women is Islam. If marriage is the building block of society, then polygamy represents one of the profounder differences between Islam and the West. The concept is not of the society evolving or improving over time but being brought back to the perfect message of Islam. At the same time, it launched a process of "decohabitation" to help multiple wives trapped in small apartments with numerous children to move into their own homes. <CN> Have you ever felt that soon it will be necessary to convert to Islam to keep living in our society?
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> Plant said Asha had planned to leave the house this month. At the same time, it launched a process of "decohabitation" to help multiple wives trapped in small apartments with numerous children to move into their own homes. Despite having a valid passport, Saudi authorities at the border sent al-Huwaider home. A woman from Mali, where multiple wives are legal, arrived in France in 1981 at age 14 as wife No. 2 — using the documents of wife No. 1, whom the husband sent back home. <CN> Could you tell me please where did you obtain this information? Because they are not true.
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> In a population of 23 million, only about 400,000 Australians are Muslim. If there is a need for a house of worship in Murfreesboro for Muslims it should be built. In fact, Muslim religion allows even women to marry four times.. I grew up in Damascus and visited many other Muslim countries. Women's terms in Muslim societies is for most women survival and resignation. <CN> There is no replacement in Italy because Muslims are less than 5% of the population.
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> Chaiwala argued: What is illegal is to take an additional wife legally. But she fears male police officers might misuse the law to deliberately intimidate Muslim women. So far, given that what he proposes is illegal under British law as well as crudely sexist, Chaiwala's wheeze has had a strikingly respectful reception, at least from non-Muslims. It does me no injury for my neighbor to have one wife, or four wives, or no wife. The French law, introduced in 2010, also covers balaclavas and hoods but has been criticised as targeting Muslim women. <CN> No one has the right to beat his wife, Italian or Muslim. It is illegal, and the law punishes everyone equally.
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> Tuesday, August 11, 2015, 5:14 PMIt's not the White House, but it is a white house. At the same time, it launched a process of "decohabitation" to help multiple wives trapped in small apartments with numerous children to move into their own homes. Plant said Asha had planned to leave the house this month. I did notice the silhouette of her burqa enter the house. <CN> Hi, his statement is very strong, could you explain better what you mean by 'replace in our house'?
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> At the same time, it launched a process of "decohabitation" to help multiple wives trapped in small apartments with numerous children to move into their own homes. Despite having a valid passport, Saudi authorities at the border sent al-Huwaider home. A woman from Mali, where multiple wives are legal, arrived in France in 1981 at age 14 as wife No. 2 — using the documents of wife No. 1, whom the husband sent back home. <CN> If it was true, we should rather be concerned to defend these women.
<HS> They are replacing us in our house! They should remain at their home to put on the burqa and beat their wives. <knowl> Old houses, particularly, are notorious for their lack of closet space. Home stores offer a wide range of inexpensive ceiling fixtures these days. As a contributing writer to Old House Web and host of greenovation. For many chronically ill older patients, house calls are replacing some hospital stays. For example, adding insulation or replacing doors and windows in an existing home could result in a tax credit of 10 percent of the cost up to $500. <CN> Hello, actually the number of Muslims in Italy amounts to just under 5% of the total population: do you believe that it is possible to talk about replacing?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Originally passed in 1994, the Violence Against Women Act provides support for organizations that serve domestic violence victims. We don't talk about male violence against women enough, we talk about domestic violence, Smith said. Similarly dangerous for domestic violence victims is easy access to guns. Victims' advocates also say that cultural factors contribute to violence against women. When Congress passed the Violence Against Women Act (VAWA) in 1994, it was a landmark in federally recognizing the scourge of domestic violence. <CN> Violence against women is mostly domestic, made by Italian close to the victims.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Worried about the rising number of Muslim children in our schools? The Koran repeatedly commands Muslims to keep promises and uphold covenants. Immediately after the terrorist attacks, Muslims began to feel the heat. He calls her "an angel" and "the queen of American Muslims." Besides, Saudi Arabia is one country out of 57 Muslim nations. <CN> Muslims have never raped anyone only because they are Muslims.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> "Much of the additional work of Italian women is apparently spent cleaning the house," the OECD surmises. MILAN -- Italian women keep some of the cleanest homes around. Still, there has been a surge in the number of rapes being reported recently, suggesting women are emboldened to speak up. "Only about half of Italian women are in the workforce, compared with an European Union average of 62%, according to Eurostat. All that said, the number of rapes resulting in pregnancy is not negligible. <CN> The highest number of rapes on Italian women is committed by Italians.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> A progressive Muslim movement is forcing Muslim debate and discussion on the limits of tolerance and inclusion. In further confirmation of social media's penetration into the language, Merriam-Webster has added both tweet and social media to its Collegiate Dictionary. After decades of diversity initiatives and inclusion programs, what's the problem? One of Second City Works' fastest growing offerings is diversity and inclusion training. One out of three women will experience physical or sexual violence in her lifetime. <CN> The frequency of violence is related to social status more than to religion. Inclusion and social differences are a basic bigger problem from which derive these problems.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Women from Guadeloupe, an island in the Caribbean colonized by France:A Guadeloupean woman. The practice was outlawed in 2012.Italian women also get less support in juggling work and home. I like a lot of women authors, novels about women, mysteries where a woman is the protagonist. "Much of the additional work of Italian women is apparently spent cleaning the house," the OECD surmises. It had to be safe and reversible, so that if the woman wanted to get pregnant, she could. <CN> Our whom? If it relates to the Italian women I have and I do not feel safe in reading your words. The problem is not Muslims, but the too local mentality in which man feels the woman is his property.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. Alishba ZarmeenThe thing is, many Muslim women are indeed oppressed, just like many non-muslim women around the world. Mona Eltahawy asks about women of Middle Eastern and Muslim descent. In fact, Muslim religion allows even women to marry four times.. A Muslim woman walks in downtown Rome Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011. <CN> Our women whose? Forgive me, but I am a woman, I do not belong to anyone but myself, and I do not think that being Muslim makes someone a violent criminal.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> "Liberia has recorded the highest number of Ebola cases and deaths. When a group of men intend to rape, they will do it. All that said, the number of rapes resulting in pregnancy is not negligible. What kind of animals are these?"According to India's National Crime Records Bureau, the number of rapes in the country rose by 9% to 33,707 last year, of which nearly 2,000 - the highest number - were in Delhi. With 572 cases, Delhi was the city with the highest number of reported rape cases. <CN> In Italy the highest number of rapes is commited at home, from friends, partners or relatives.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Incidentally, women who think Farage offends public sentiment might suggest the same penalty for him. On the same day, the website reported another important story: Cheeky! There is no mentoring that happens in a large group, she said. "This is about women and violence on women, women finding their voice. At present, global spending on supplier diversity is largely undocumented, according to WEConnect International. <CN> But you know, I could almost agree, provided that on the Italians that do the same thing, which is unfortunately a large group, it would be imposed the same penalty, and instead the Italian macho . But come on! Do you read newspapers that tell about violence on women and feminicide?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Never, in the history of America, has a white man accused of horrendous crimes against African-Americans received an all-black jury, but here we are with Holtzclaw. In many Muslim-majority countries, women are extraordinarily active and involved in education. Are Iranian women an inspiration to women from other Muslim-majority countries?Yes. Trials of former Nazi concentration camp guards in Germany have become rare in recent decades: As more and more of the perpetrators have died, prosecutors find it increasingly hard to charge those responsible for the horrendous crimes. Human Rights Watch executive director Kenneth Roth last week described the killings as "one of the most horrendous crimes of our era", saying it represented a terrible precedent in Indonesia of dealing with differences through mass murder. <CN> I understand the fear linked to these horrendous crimes, but they should be condemned regardless of nationality.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Just how does one prove how sincerely held his religious beliefs are? "The employee may not agree with these religious beliefs of the employer. "This week Hillary Clinton said that people's deep-seated religious beliefs need to be changed in order to advance her own personal political agenda. that what we are talking about in terms of their religious beliefs?" added Roberts. Those groups can tell the government that providing the coverage violates their religious beliefs. <CN> Thinking to castrate people for their religious beliefs and not for their individual responsibilities seems the product of a really retrograde mentality. Certainly not typical of the advanced West.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> MILAN -- Italian women keep some of the cleanest homes around. 28% of over-55s compared with 74% of 16 to 24-year-olds prefer Muslim women to choose to wear the Islamic headscarf. In 2013, a poll revealed that 55 percent of Italian men and 33 percent of Italian women have cheated on their partners, according to The Local. As for leisure time, the OECD's "Society at a Glance" report finds that Italian men have nearly 80 minutes a day more than Italian women. The practice was outlawed in 2012.Italian women also get less support in juggling work and home. <CN> Good evening, from your comment I deduce that rape Italian women should not be so much violent mens, but members of the Islamic religion. So is it something related to religion? Not a sexist and violent culture?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Young women are the most likely targets of some of the more severe forms of online harassment, a Pew Research Center report released Wednesday said. About 25 percent of women will suffer severe domestic violence from an intimate partner during their lifetimes. They are usually smaller than their male partners and men are usually using more severe forms of violence. The problem of sexual violence is particularly acute at younger ages. More than four-fifths of the killers (82%) were men, while women accounted for 79% of victims killed by a current of former partner. <CN> The most severe forms of violence are made by partners, relatives or friends. The rapes are committed by partners in 62.7% of cases, in 3.6% and 9.4% by relatives of friends. We are talking about Italians.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> However, thousands of brave Muslim women are fighting to reassert their role in the Muslim world. Yet almost all Muslims said this is the best place in the world to be a Muslim. Muslim feminism is being taken seriously by Western Muslims as the antidote to patriarchal expressions of Islam. A progressive Muslim movement is forcing Muslim debate and discussion on the limits of tolerance and inclusion. But I do agree that Muslim leaders need to do a better job explaining Islam to non-Muslims. <CN> I am an Italian woman, and I feel neither a propriety of you nor threatened by Muslims.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> And about one-third of women in the workplace report experiencing gendered discrimination at work. The addition of testosterone drives the fetus in the male direction. Not all women face workplace gender inequality in the same ways. <CN> The rapists of women have nothing in common except the male gender.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> The largest group of American Muslims is actually African American Muslims, the vast majority of whom follow Sunni Islam. The Rape, Abuse and Incest National Network estimated that 272,350 Americans were victims of sexual violence last year. I don't think that's true for the majority of communities or the vast majority of law enforcement officials. Its near impossible to figure out how many rapes â the vast majority of which go unreported â are committed by serial rapists. The vast majority of these photos are compliant with our policies. <CN> By far the vast majority of the violence is the work of Italians. Among foreign immigrants, on top of the list are the Romanians, namely community non-Muslim citizens. So what you say is wrong.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> He also called for the Muslims to " take part in the liquidation of those Muslims who still today work against the Serb people " . In July and August 1942 , under the protection provided by the Italians , the Chetniks thoroughly ethnically cleansed eastern Herzegovina of its Croats and Muslims . He also attempted to convince local Muslims to join the Chetnik ranks but was unsuccessful due to the extent of Chetnik atrocities against the Muslim population . So Americans' indulgence of him is infinitely more dangerous than Italians' of Berlusconi. It's our revenge, Roberto D'Alimonte, an Italian political scientist, told me. <CN> The problem is not Muslims, but the chauvinist mentality that we Italians are soaked with, which sees the woman as an object.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Seven men sentenced to death for the gang-rape of four women, at court in Kabul. Otherwise, the imprisonment becomes a punishment, which is a criminal sanction beyond the authority of civil courts. He pleaded guilty to two charges of second-degree rape and one of third-degree rape on Thursday. He was originally arrested in January, 2014 in Los Angeles and charged with drugging and raping two women there. He also contended his trial court judge earlier this week improperly refused his request to withdraw his execution date. <CN> It's not just Muslims who rape women. The punishment that you propose does not seem effective to me. The judge of a court decides the real punishment for a rapist.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Ofcourse there should be peace among the non-muslims and Muslims around the globe. Yet saying that they were not Muslims can bring you in trouble in some Muslim countries. "He continues to believe that preventing Muslims from entering the US is divisive, stupid and wrong. The largest group of American Muslims is actually African American Muslims, the vast majority of whom follow Sunni Islam. When Muslims are the targets, religious freedom advocates largely go silentBritain might deport Muslim women who can't learn English. <CN> Not all Muslims commit such terrible crimes, we must respect those that want to integrate normally doing nothing wrong.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> There is a minority of men who perpetuate a tremendous amount of violence against women. The study's first error consists of comparing violence against women in general with femicide. The report also underscored that most incidents of violence against women continue to go unreported. After two years, a randomized trial showed a 52 percent reduction of physical partner violence against women. The reason Hayes et al. place honor killings within the broader context of violence against women is clear. <CN> Unfortunately, violence against women is a cross fact that happens in every country, in every corner, and the victims are us, us women, so let's not make it an issue of nation, ethnicity, religion, a crime is a crime, whoever does it and castration does not really seem the solution to the problem.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Italians think they have the monopoly on good coffee, which is well deserved, but don't have it on business. other Americans — all men — will join her, along with competitors from Australia, Germany, Japan, Morocco and Singapore, including three other women. As for leisure time, the OECD's "Society at a Glance" report finds that Italian men have nearly 80 minutes a day more than Italian women. MILAN -- Italian women keep some of the cleanest homes around. These two women have a plan to teach me to pull Italian men, so we sit and drink and wait for a couple of hours, completely untroubled by admirers. <CN> Are you worried that Italians may have competitors? It seems that italian men get busy, femicide every 72 hours!
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Out here, there is no male gender and no female gender, said Staff Sgt. But there has been nothing low-profile about the phrase binders full of women. But Konrath suggested that there could be overlaps between narcissism and male gender roles. Trans women offer a perspective into how gender perceptions work that cis women don't have. Rather, Thicke is simply a man: a man whose own male gender construction encompasses proto-rapism. <CN> A phrase that denotes a profound ignorance or a perfect bad faith because who offends women are members of the male gender in every place.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> On Wednesday, a North Carolina police officer pleaded guilty for manufacturing child pornography. Police officers in Ashland, Ohio, found the unnamed woman still alive and arrested Grate. "This is carte blanche to police officers to do whatever they want," he told reporters. On Tuesday, another fired police officer in Phoenix, Christopher Wilson, shocked the court when he decided to plead guilty to 10 sex crimes against two young boys. They also accused him of threatening to spit on and punch police officers following his arrest. <CN> Do you propose castration even for the two police officers in Florence who raped two foreign tourists (assuming that they are found guilty definitively)?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Instead, old attitudes persist, relegating rape kits to cold storage and awarding rapists free passes. David Lisak and Paul Miller, "Repeat Rape and Multiple Offending Among Undetected Rapists," Violence and Victims. But things are far more black and white when data shows that most rape is committed by serial rapists. Its near impossible to figure out how many rapes â the vast majority of which go unreported â are committed by serial rapists. Rape statistics are notoriously depressing, and the general takeaway is always the same: too many women attacked, too little done about it. <CN> The statistics state that the rapists are almost always Italian.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Much of the violence against women takes place in Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province. It empowers the women protection officers to enter any premises to recover women held captive. Some conservative lawmakers in recent years have tried to dilute a law that seeks to protect women from violence. She said when abortion becomes separated from women's healthcare it stigmatizes the process for women and their providers. "Basic needs for family planning, reproductive health and safe childbirth and protection from violence and abuse are rarely met. <CN> Women do not need protection from violence because they belong to a specific population, they need protection in general.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Six percent of the men admitted to rape, or attempted rape. How many of us would even report cases of rape then? "#SurvivorPrivilege of graduating 6 years later than planned bc, yanno, rape. Women have committed rape in previous conflicts, including during the Rwandan genocide. They tried to justify interracial rape as some sort of political act. <CN> Also italians rape, are we going to castrate all of them?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> The island has 33,838 cases, almost all of them locally acquired. The UK's Director of Public Prosecutions is currently investigating the case. In late November, Texas reported its first locally transmitted case of Zika. In a majority of these cases, the mother is a single mother. If a case is properly before the court, they will take it. <CN> And for the Italian rapists what do you propose? Because they represent the majority of the cases.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Sexual and gender based violence [SGBV] continues to be a challenge in Kenya. Quiroa says "They are subject to rape, violence and forced participation in the drug trade. Since the international 16 Days of Activism Against Gender-based Violence campaign launched last week, government leaders across the globe have also been speaking out on social media. More information about the report and gender-based violence prevention can be found at Partners4Prevention.org. If approved, it would make reducing levels of gender-based violence a U.S. foreign policy priority. <CN> Gender-based violence is not an Islamic problem, it's a social problem of all.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> What about the theory that most women subconsciously want to be raped?Most women live in fear of rape. I was shocked to find women I knew who'd been raped. Dalit women are still the most likely to be victims of gang rapes. What can women do to avoid rape?Learn to see the warning signs earlier. Can a man rape a man?Rape is strictly a crime of men against women. <CN> Quite right! To each one their own women to rape, Italian women to Italians!
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> On the issues of holy war (jihad), apostasy and the treatment of women, the Koran and Sunna are clear. On holy war, apostasy and the rights of women in Islam. Far from abusing women, the Koran instructs us to honor them. Many Westerners see Muslim women's headcover as a kind of oppression. Which religious leader is quoted as commanding women to be silent during services?a. <CN> The Koran condemns violence on women: who does it violate religious norms. Those who abuse women, Italians or foreigners, Christians or Muslims, respect neither the law nor the religion.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> But there's another issue in this case that, as a physician, I feel merits more attention: the importance and indeed revolutionary nature of the rule. They act as the enforcers of the rules that oppress women. The silent but authoritative woman is the exception, not the rule. Publication of the rule clears the way for courts to act. In our playground days, we learned girls rule and boys drool. <CN> Of course it's a lie, a few cases are not the rule.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Our lives are inextricably interwoven; women's issues of safety and equality directly affect our lives as men. Even the term "violence against women" sounds like a standalone force of nature, with no subject, whereas "men's violence against women" is used far less frequently. We believe in women's right to self-expression and freedom of movement. In the office, women value the strength of their relationships more than men. Where men's violence against women is normalised in our society, we often we compartmentalise it to fit our view of the victim. <CN> Men's violence against women is a problem, but not connected in any way to religion or colour of skin. As not all men are rapists. No generalization is ever 100% true.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Anne Sinclair also said the reports that her husband tried to rape a hotel maid were false and that her husband was "a seducer, not a rapist. A picture of Nevin Yildirim and her accused rapist, Nurrettin Gider. There is no shame for me; the shame is for the rapists. She got raped at 14, the victim's mother told Fox 25. Related: India's Daughter: 'I made a film on rape in India. <CN> The rapist is a typical Italian product, I would say.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Even to all those women, that campaign is a punch to the gut. The liberation of the two women leaves two Italians unaccounted for in conflict zones overseas. Here, we see cruel notions about older women being useless to society, or sexually unwanted, are being superseded by compelling new theories. Given that women have for years most frequently appeared on the Italian small screen in various stages of undress, this is a noteworthy step. MILAN -- Italian women keep some of the cleanest homes around. <CN> Good evening, think that the figures show that 4 of 5 women are raped by Italians. Can you bring data to support his theory?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> On Friday, the navy rescued 135 migrants — and recovered 45 bodies — from a sinking smuggling boat on its way from Libya to Italy. I love you" are seen written on a wall at a makeshift camp in Via Cupa (Gloomy Street) in downtown Rome, Italy, August 1, 2016. More than disappeared, they are on the move, often trying to reach relatives or other contacts in northern Europe, not wanting to stay in Italy, Sami said. Jim Yardley reported from Rome, and Gaia Pianigiani from Siena, Italy. The upper echelons of corporate Italy are also cracking open the door. <CN> What estimate do you have about it? Do you know data on rapes in Italy?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Castration has been offered as an option to sex offenders in other countries. And I think this country - any civilized country - should have no tolerance for rape. It is true that we live in a conservative Muslim country, but not a backward one. "Anti-androgens to suppress male hormones, a treatment sometimes referred to as chemical castration, have also been used in this country. Referendums, they fret, will bring out the worst in us: we'd have mass deportations and capital punishment and the castration of sex offenders. <CN> Hi, are you suggesting castration as a punishment in a civilized country like Italy?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Some 10 percent of Italian households did not own a single book. So Americans' indulgence of him is infinitely more dangerous than Italians' of Berlusconi. Of course, the impulse to punish violence against pregnant women differently is widely shared and understandable. According to Partisan sources , they moved southeast to the Neretva River and Mostar at the request of Italian officers . Italy has become some kind of oasis, Patrizio Nissirio, a senior editor at the Italian news agency ANSA, told me. <CN> And the cases of violence made by Italians? How do you explain them according to your logic? Do we also castrate them?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> In came the thugs who stripped and beat women in the streets. In a 1994 televised address, unprecedented in Italy's staid political culture, he promised a new world, and invited Italians to join him. That is regarded as one of the biggest upsets in Olympic-trials history. In fact, under 1977 FDA guidelines that were not changed until 1993, women of childbearing age were not even allowed to participate in drug trials. Until 1993, women of childbearing age were routinely excluded from trials of new drugs. <CN> Well, if we must castrate all Italians who raped and beat their women, then we should put in jail several of them, because unfortunately when you beat and molest a woman in Italy, even in trials are the women that take a beating.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Anyone who knows anything about the Muslim religion knows that it's not so, he said. The burkini is the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion. The broadcast prompted the U.S. military to order an immediate criminal investigation. "It's not about criminals coming across the border and entering the country. The mayor calls the burqini "the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion." <CN> To belong to the Muslim religion does not mean being criminals, do not come across in these dangerous clichés.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Nigeria alone counts 60 million Muslim women and Guinea, Niger and the Democratic Republic of Congo are among sub-Saharan African nations with majority Muslim populations. The legitimacy of male violence against rebellious women is by no means an extreme view among Arab Muslims. True Muslims know that the ruthless violence of so called Islamic Jihadists goes against the very tenets of our religion. More than 250,000 black Muslim women live in the United States, and globally the black female Muslim population reaches tens of millions. Violence against women is the most widespread human rights violation in the world. <CN> Unfortunately, violence against women has no nationality, color or religion. It must be fought in any case, not only if it is committed by a Muslim.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Only 84,767 assaults defined as forcible rapes were reported in 2010, according to national statistics from the Federal Bureau of Investigation. But the city's rape statistics do seem to paint a somewhat different picture. More than 220,000 incidents were reported in 2011 alone, according to Indian government statistics. "About 64 percent of sexual assaults and rapes in the United States go unreported, according to 2014 Bureau of Justice Statistics data (the most recent available). "According to government data, one in five women and one in 71 men are rape victims. <CN> Then we must castrate even Italians who rape, who are in fact four times more than foreigners according to statistics.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> The report also underscored that most incidents of violence against women continue to go unreported. Despite many studies of the effectiveness of castration  both surgical and chemical  the results are inconclusive. "Modern China has displayed a history of over-reacting to any form of criticism, not just against the country or the Communist party per se," Marriot told The Guardian. Manning was found guilty of 20 of the 22 charges against her, including violations of the U.S. Espionage Act. Issue of CoercionA legal expert said yesterday that there was no clear-cut law on the constitutionality of plea agreements involving castration. <CN> Our Constitution thankfully forbids any form of physical violence against criminals. Castration, being an extreme form of violence, cannot be practiced in our state.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Sins of My Father " received universal acclaim from music critics . They invent new ways of sinning, and they disobey their parents. On average, people were guilty of between two and three sins. So Deadly Sins can't be a slow-burning show to keep returning to. It's hard to talk about sin when everyone disagrees about what it is. <CN> The sins of the individual cannot be sustained by the entire population.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> The inquiry will likely be called sometime in 2016.Statistics Canada drew the data from police forces across the country, including the RCMP. The ITU, which relies on national statistics organizations for its numbers, only has data from 64 of the world's 190-plus countries. We at statistical agencies try to be very careful about defining our data, but we can't control how other people use the information. "Post-secondary degree holders still earned more than their lesser-educated peers, but not by as much as during the previous period, Statistics Canada data shows. Our main purpose was to point out that the most commonly used statistic has its limitations, and that there are other ways to look at the data. <CN> On what data and statistics do you make this statement?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> That's why to end violence against women, and change the culture, men must stand alongside us. Offences against women, including domestic abuse, rape and sexual assault, rose by almost 10% in 2015-16. Together, men and women can build a safer world for all. I think violence against women is so darn useful, she said. Her testimony was a call to action against violence against women, calling it the "most systematic, widespread human rights violation in the world. <CN> Rape and violence against women exist, unfortunately, in all the world, regardless of culture or geographic location.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> The issue of Myanmar's treatment of Muslims is unlikely to go away. In the West, the majority (91%) of honor killings are Muslim-on-Muslim crimes. "Exposing nefarious forces at play within our community is a Muslim responsibility—the "bare minimum of faith" for every Muslim man and woman. State media on Thursday identified a Muslim name as that of the man suspected of rape. Tens of thousands of Muslims climb the mountain to pray at the site where, according to tradition, a rock split in half after a Muslim man prayed there. <CN> A friend of mine married a Muslim man. He is always so sweet, takes her hand across the road, he opens her the door when entering a room. Gestures that I hardly see in all men. He will not be better than others because he's a Muslim, what I'm certain about is that he is not even worse because he's a Muslim. Let's stop identifying evil in such a banal way.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> They found that about 90% of college rapes were committed by serial rapists. They found that about 90 percent of college rapes were committed by serial rapists. In essence, this "rape as retribution" argument invokes the need for far too many rapists. She's right - intervening in a rape does not remove the threat of future assaults from that rapist. To have anti-rape campaigns that focus on teaching not only what constitutes sexual assault but that actively teach not to be a rapist? <CN> A rapist must be arrested as a rapist, and in any case, rapists are almost always Catholic.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> On paper, Italian women have equal rights, said Tiziana Bartolini, the editor of Noi Donne, one of Italy's most prominent feminist magazines. "The Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs declined to comment on the video. "Italian cinema in Italy is doing fine," wrote the critic Gabriele Niola in the Italian version of Wired. This philosophy has meant that Italian women accommodate far more in their marriages than their British counterparts would countenance. There is growing pressure on Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi to press on with controversial structural reforms, such as overhauling its rigid labor system, as the Italian economy --the third largest in the euro zone -- fails to thrive. <CN> Statistics show that over 80% of rapes on Italian women were committed by an Italian. Foreign rapists are 15.1%. Insert links, for example http://www.infodata.ilsole24ore.com/2018/07/25/la-violenza-le-denunce-gli-stupri-italia-la-statistica-della-paura/?refresh_ce=1.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Partially because of Rice, we know more about violence against women. "It will make it impossible to prosecute cases of violence against women ... The study's first error consists of comparing violence against women in general with femicide. After two years, a randomized trial showed a 52 percent reduction of physical partner violence against women. The reason Hayes et al. place honor killings within the broader context of violence against women is clear. <CN> Violence against women is a problem that does not refer to religion! What about all cases of violence committed by the Italians?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> The sexually explicit material, primarily of women, was routinely posted by angry former boyfriends and ex-husbands, authorities said. Many women distrust welfare caseworkers, employers, child-care providers, boyfriends or husbands, and, although this was less common, even family and friends. Either way, we decided to celebrate the beautiful women who may or may not get the fame of their boyfriends and husbands. Boyfriends and husbands of the world who've ever been scolded for taking a sip of their cappuccino before it was properly photographed, this video is for you. <CN> So you also agree with castration of all the husbands / boyfriends / violent fellows that have Italian origin?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> This British soldier is an eye for an eye a tooth for tooth. "This British soldier is an eye for an eye, a tooth for tooth. Eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot, burn for burn, wound for wound, stripe for stripe. Eye for eye, tooth for tooth ... wound for wound, life for life" - are illustrated by an image of an atomic bomb's mushroom cloud. <CN> Eye for eye, tooth for tooth and are we going back to the Middle Ages? Who commits an act so heinous must pay his debt, in prison, according to the law. You know that if any Italian woman was beaten and raped by her husband, the partner and sometimes even by his father, would denounce the violence, prisons would be full of italian men. You've never seen 'Amore Criminale'? It is a great program that speaks about the subject, taking the cue from the most egregious cases, look for it on 'Raiplay'.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Female recruits are the morality enforcers, the propagandists, even the overseers of rape against captured non-Muslim women. Alishba ZarmeenThe thing is, many Muslim women are indeed oppressed, just like many non-muslim women around the world. The convictions of a Sydney gang of Lebanese Muslims who raped several non-Muslim women were likened by a judge to war atrocities and condemned in the media. They resented non-Muslim women taking license to speak on their behalf. It adds, "Female slaves are the women that Muslims took from their enemies. <CN> I do not know any Muslim who raped non-muslim women.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Just how does one prove how sincerely held his religious beliefs are? Roberts concluded, having made his point that Hobby Lobby's owners might hold a sincere religious belief that certain contraceptives are abortion agents. Those groups can tell the government that providing the coverage violates their religious beliefs. The questions sound absurd: is a for-profit corporation a person with religious beliefs? Isn't that what we are talking about in terms of their religious beliefs? <CN> Generalizing is always wrong. I also condemn those who commit certain crimes, but regardless of their religious beliefs or their nationality.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> In these two states, it is essentially impossible to rape your spouse in your home, according to the law. The ordinance provides for the death penalty in cases of rape . Indian law prohibits the disclosure of victims' identities in rape cases. By law, rape victims are not ever named publicly in India. <CN> Anyone who rape a woman in Italian territory should not be castrated, he will instead serve the sentence that our laws establish.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Are there babies being thrown out with the Brexit bathwater, presenting bargains for coolheaded investors?Not exactly. In real life, people who yearn for babies sometimes lose them. He said investors should look at popular names that have been hammered in the recent rout, noting that "we've seen a lot of babies thrown out with the bathwater. "But there are no atheist babies, and certainly no agnostic ones. There is another reason why babies can't be atheists or agnostics. <CN> Crime has no color, nationality or religious affiliation. Throwing babies the bathwater is unfair and unfounded.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> In May, 32 people belonging to the minority Muslim community were killed. The group that organized the protest posted on Facebook a list of the names and addresses of dozens of Muslims and what they called Muslim sympathizers. Until there is absolute, clear evidence, every headline doesn't have to say 'Muslim massacre' or 'Muslim shooters,' because it's going to cause intolerance, Mr. Chesley said. The protesters, many of them young children, displayed banners and neatly printed posters saying "Uphold the sharia (rule of Muslim law) and a caliphate (a traditional Muslim government)". The bill makes no reference to a specific religion or country, though its sponsors acknowledge they worry about the ultraconservative tenets of Sharia law, or Islamic religious law. <CN> Castration according to belonging to a specific religion is something inhuman, being a Muslim does not mean being rapists.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> About 500 Muslims , mostly women , children and the elderly , were killed in Goražde in March , and several women were raped . They subsequently turned on the Muslims and Albanians in the region . At least 10 of the injured Iraqis were women and children. The orders for the " cleansing " operation stated that the Chetniks should kill all Muslim fighters , communists and Ustaše , but that they should not kill women and children . Children of undocumented parents have worse educational and employment outcomes, he noted. <CN> Think that Italians get married, but then they kill them with their children.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> The driving ban, which is unique in the world, is imposed because the kingdom's ultraconservative Muslim clerics say "licentiousness" will spread if women drive. During the first major protest, in 1990, around 50 women drove. Close relatives of women with the disease also should be tested. <CN> It seems to me that our women are raped by their relatives.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Some 10 percent of Italian households did not own a single book. Simply put, emigration was the most obvious badge of Italian national inferiority. So Americans' indulgence of him is infinitely more dangerous than Italians' of Berlusconi. The liberation of the two women leaves two Italians unaccounted for in conflict zones overseas. Another portrayed a pair of baby shoes wrapped in a ribbon of the Italian flag. <CN> It's a horrendous fact, but to generalize and direct the hatred on a single community is infamous. The problem of violence against women, and unfortunately, these hideous crimes are mostly committed by Italians, at home.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> The burkini is the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion. The mayor calls the burqini "the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion." Mr. Sarkozy said that in the republic, the Muslim religion must be respected like other religions. Cazeneuve was speaking after a meeting with leaders of the French Council of the Muslim Religion. Anyone who knows anything about the Muslim religion knows that it's not so, he said. <CN> The fact that there are criminals of the Muslim religion does not make all Muslims criminals, as well as the fact that there are Catholic criminals, does not make all Catholics criminals.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> This was not classified as rape, but as other sexual violence. We must connect domestic violence, marital rape and female genital mutilation with street sexual violence and clearly call them all crimes against women. Scotland Yard has confirmed that sexual violence against women by gangs is now "at the top of our agenda" following initiatives that have seen gun crime fall by 17% and knife crime offences by 11.5%. 22% of men in Eastern Congo reported being victims of sexual violence, compared to 30% of women. Hospitals do not have rape kits, and medical personnel are unprepared to deal with survivors of sexual violence. <CN> Some Muslims may commit crimes such as sexual violence, but not the whole Muslim population makes this kind of crimes. The punishment for the criminals can only be decided by a judge.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Thank you!Maybe if muslims would stop blowing **** up every time they get mad we wouldn't HAVE to generalize them!People will scream "But Tim McVeigh!" The same can be said for adult victims of rape - especially women. In other words, 32 percent of those child molestation cases involved homosexuals. In cases these doctors had handled, 36% of the molesters were homosexuals. In a majority of these cases, the mother is a single mother. <CN> You cannot discuss while generalizing a population, the cases should be analyzed individually.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> This technology helps us crowdsource cases of violence, track cases of repeat violence and understand more about the prevalence of violence in Dharavi, says Daruwalla. REACTION 3: Acknowledgment of domestic violence by the league can make a difference in a society where three-quarters of the cases of violence against women go unreported. The app, SNEHA believes, encourages increased reporting of violence, lets community members know what assistance is available, and helps NGOs understand more about the prevalence of violence in Dharavi. And many find it in the arms of Kuta Cowboys, the bronzed beach ambassadors who've made the island one of the world's leading destinations for female sex tourists. The days of those outrageous tweets are over, and so are the policies of ignoring domestic violence and sexual assault. <CN> In comparison to cases of violence in Italy made by foreigners, which are 15% of the total, Italians have the 80% at home and proudly the world record as sex tourists in poor countries. The arrogance of money does not exonerate them, that's double violence.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Civil rights groups say any kind of castration, even if reversible, could take society down the road to eugenics. "The committee's delegation came across three cases in which sex offenders had committed serious sex-related crimes, including serial rape and attempted murder, after they had been surgically castrated," the human-rights group said. But he said it was demoralizing for Muslims like him who defend the United States as an open and tolerant society. "What sort of punishments are used?Saudi Arabia makes use of corporal punishment, including amputations of limbs, although floggings are most commonly used. The Muslim Brotherhood repeated its stance that the Shariah penal code should not be implemented for now by saying that the penal code determines punishment according to the crime after "preparing society first to understand Shariah and accept it." <CN> Castration? Do you think it is a punishment to propose in a society that defines itself modern and respects the rights? To me, it seems a medieval punishment.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> "So there is a danger that by getting rid of him you would be throwing the baby out with the bathwater. I Throw My Toys Around " is a song from the soundtrack of The Rugrats Movie , performed by No Doubt and Elvis Costello . But to what extent do they understand the act of throwing? Both women clipped each other with punches in the second, throwing defense aside. Many species can throw, but can they do it as well as human beings? <CN> Well following his reasoning all Italians Catholics should also be castrated. There are and there have been plenty of criminals and rapists and, throwing the baby out with bathwater as you did, it would be good to castrate all of them so, if there are doubts, eliminate any danger.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> In 28 states, larger shares of married men have previously wedded than married women. In 2013, a poll revealed that 55 percent of Italian men and 33 percent of Italian women have cheated on their partners, according to The Local. "Much of the additional work of Italian women is apparently spent cleaning the house," the OECD surmises. But Italian womens tennis is on such an upswing, that did not even qualify as a major crisis. "Only about half of Italian women are in the workforce, compared with an European Union average of 62%, according to Eurostat. <CN> Good evening, if I understand correctly, you're telling me that all adult men of Islamic faith present in Italy, rape or will rape Italian women? Can you bring in data that support your theory?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Q: Abortion is a very emotional issue and a religious issue for a lot of people. My opinion is that it is a personal issue rather than a religious issue, she said in a follow-up interview. Timeline, key players and videos documenting the Delhi rape case and India's rape statistics. He agreed there are systemic issues: from untested rape kits to justice system treatment of survivors. But knowing that rape is wrong means little if you don't know what rape is. <CN> I would not make a religious issue, also Christians commit rape. The issue is not religious nor racial, those who behave in a certain way must be punished.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Young women are one step closer to the draft after the Senate Armed Services Committee voted late Thursday to require women to register for Selective Service. But even if the change requiring young women to register for Selective Service survive those votes, it won't be the last word on the draft. The terror group's human trafficking operation includes enslaving women who they consider to be 'kafir', non-Muslim people like Yazidis and Christians, before selling them for money. Several Republicans protested the specific provision about women and the draft. I wasn't suggesting that women are less empowered in the United States than in India or China, or that female empowerment of any sort necessarily leads to sex-selective abortion. <CN> Actually, Muslim people are very selective and do not like Western women.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Not if you want the rape of women to stop happening. That command allows him to avoid thinking of himself as a rapist. It took awhile for police to recognize the pattern of a serial rapist at work. Rape story lines of the past focused on defining perpetrators as monsters and cops as heroes. The first season of The Americans could have been structured as an extended hunt for Elizabeth's rapist. <CN> Neutering a rapist is like cutting the hand of a thief, the law of retaliation! These concepts are truly medieval!
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Dangers: cultural, tribal and religious practices harmful to women are frequent. The United Nations has called Congo the rape capital of the world. Not to mention, they write, "its general harmful representation of disembodied female bodies. But harmful mutations in BRCA genes can lead to breast or ovarian cancer. ""It's not just something that's simply harmful to women," he told Mashable. <CN> If anything, we women must express what is harmful to us.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> "It doesn't matter that the devotional wasn't toward a specific religion. Nidal Malik Hasan, for instance, did not identify with a specific religion on his military record. I thought that the ad was a little dicey in that nonbelievers were targeting a specific religion. We believe, as did the founding fathers, that no specific religion should be elevated above all others by the government. The selection of this venue in no way represents an endorsement by the school district of a specific religion or religion in general. <CN> I do not think that sexual violences are committed only by members of a specific religion.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> I AM at the age when many of my friends are pregnant. He said a minority of pregnant women with cancer still get abortions. A record number of pregnant women looking for new jobs filed discrimination claims last year. "For example, by chance alone you expect to find reports of miscarriages in pregnant women. The agency has found that 15 of the 266 were pregnant women — or about 6 percent. <CN> Even the mother of idiots is always pregnant, this does not mean that we can assume the right to castrate it.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Why is it that ALL these muslim countries discriminate against the non-muslims? Do you honestly believe that all Muslims are terrorists or support terrorism against non-Muslims? How many non-Muslims were killed by muslims for merely being non-muslims in muslim countries? All of humanity, whether Muslim or non-Muslim, is threatened by the forces of Islamist extremism. His remarks reflect a widely held view that Muslims are bound to wage war against non-Muslims. <CN> Instead, the non-Muslims that kill them, which punishment must serve, as they often are on the loose but dangerous?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> The liberation of the two women leaves two Italians unaccounted for in conflict zones overseas. A dear friend and one of the sweetest women I know... #powerofprayer, he posted. Another portrayed a pair of baby shoes wrapped in a ribbon of the Italian flag. Is there some part of the male anatomy that women do not possess that is somehow particularly Godlike? Thousands of Italians took to the streets across the country Sunday to protest Berlusconi's alleged behavior toward women. <CN> Dear, the reality is quite different, unfortunately for women, and for all of us, most of the violence is committed by Italians, read here https://www.istat.it/it/violenza-sulle-donne/il-fenomeno/violenza-dentro-e-fuori-la-famiglia/numero-delle-vittime-e-forme-di-violenza.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Violence affects women everywhere, regardless of their culture or socioeconomic status. I think violence against women is so darn useful, she said. But to imagine that violence against women happens only, or mostly, "somewhere else," is exactly what keeps the culture of violence alive at home. The series makes five concrete recommendations to curb the violence against women. I've learned a lot about all the different ethnic groups and cultures within the Bay Area--there are 15 different languages spoken in Oakland. <CN> Violence against women has always been a serious problem, which affects people of all ethnic groups, cultures and religions. It is certainly not a typical Muslim phenomenon.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Let us unite as a Kenyan family in this grief, regardless of our religious affiliations. We are all shaped so differently, we are all different ethnicities. Today, the number of marriages between people of different ethnicities is surging. we don't want a pervasive theme of a class to be representing one religious affiliation. Nor does it provide a shield for employers who might cloak illegal discrimination as a religious practice. <CN> On what basis do you do these statements? Actually, there are criminals everywhere and they have different ethnicities and religious affiliations. There are Italian rapists and Catholic priests that are paedophiles. But these cases should not allow us to identify all persons as criminals belonging to these categories.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> In fact, visual assessments of a persons' intelligence seem to largely be based on stereotypes related, at least partially, to notions of attractiveness. Non-conscious biases are those that can operate automatically and without intention, and which are rooted in our stereotypes about social groups like blacks and whites and men and women. That is, they plan to vote for Trump without liking him. Even positive stereotypes are bad for women, men, and effective leadership. Three generations of black women live together and wrestle with common stereotypes. <CN> But why follow the stereotypes and completely unfounded prejudices without facts and data?
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> It's shameful for me, for my family and for my company," she said. More frightening, Capt. Rahmani said, were threats from relatives who accused her of shaming the family. Other women reported that he insisted on taking them to their home and actually raped them inside of their home. We must connect domestic violence, marital rape and female genital mutilation with street sexual violence and clearly call them all crimes against women. Defending Whigham, the Rev. Ronald Slaughter of nearby St. James AME Church said Thursday the funeral home "had no role in this shameful betrayal. <CN> These are shameful and horrendous crimes, many times perpetrated within the home and within the family.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> The Vatican fear is unfounded, on ordination of women as priests. That leaves them at the mercy of their husbands or fathers. Historically in the bible, there is no record of women priests. But only 31 percent of women gave their husbands that much credit. Muslim women in particular have been stigmatized because of so-called black widows, women who become suicide bombers to avenge the deaths of their fathers, brothers and husbands. <CN> It seems to me there isn't a prevalence of Italian women (if by 'our' you referred to those) raped by Muslims rather than by their fathers, husbands, confessors, priests .
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Animals, that is the best way I can explain their behavior. The young people I interviewed saw women as being more emotional and fragile than men. The problem with this logic is that sober women and men are raped every day. Beyond that, women are humans, with the same rights to safety and freedom as men. the data is not usually presented in the broader context of women being killed by men. <CN> Women do not belong to no one but themselves and the best way to preserve them is to combat violence committed by men against them.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> I am a rape victim and a survivor of childhood sexual abuse, Cho wrote at the time. Adverse childhood experiences included in the report included verbal abuse, physical abuse, sexual abuse, incarceration of a family member, family mental illness, family substance abuse, domestic violence and divorce. A family member discovered one baby dead in a laundry basket at the home in Hendersonville, 20 miles northeast of Nashville. Though Cho did not identify the rapists in the interview, she said her family is aware of the family member who abused her. It involves the rape of a child, in her own bed, under her own roof, involving a family member, at dead of night. <CN> Our women mostly suffer abuse especially in the home, in some cases from childhood by a family member.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> "The document also directs commissioners not to interfere with ongoing criminal investigations and discourages them from recommending civil or criminal liability of a person or organization. The name is a reference to Street View's error reporting tool. We will take all necessary steps to enforce both civil and criminal liability. The law explicitly excluded copyright violation and federal criminal liability from its purview. The whole reason I responded to Sam was the way he formulated his email. <CN> Criminal liability is personal, a whole category cannot pay for the errors of few.
<HS> Muslims rape our women and must be neutered. <knowl> Harris Zafar is National Spokesperson of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community USA -- the oldest Muslim organization in America. Here in Harris County, we had 2,500 children raped last year, and those are just reported rapes. Female recruits are the morality enforcers, the propagandists, even the overseers of rape against captured non-Muslim women. Some incorrectly assert that Islam requires a rape victim to bring forth four witnesses to prove she has been raped. Nowhere in the Koran will you find instructions for a victim of rape to present four witnesses to prove she was raped. <CN> Castration only for Muslims or also for all Italians who commit rape?
<HS> They are beasts, they keep their women at home and under the veil, then they go out and rape ours. <knowl> Authorities estimate at most 2,000 women in France wear the outlawed veils. In much of the Muslim world, it is part of a pervasive culture dictating that women show their faces only to other women, or to men in their families. Veiled women have provoked confrontations over their right to wear veils, in courts, at schools and in colleges and workplaces. That policy evolved in the 1960s, at a time when Muslim immigrants, largely from Pakistan, arrived to take menial jobs. Mouayche said that she had never encountered any criticism for wearing the headscarf since she settled in Italy eight years ago. <CN> It does not seem to me that are Muslims the ones that rape women in Italy.
<HS> They are beasts, they keep their women at home and under the veil, then they go out and rape ours. <knowl> In a 1987 survey of 3,187 college women, 15 percent said they had been raped. But at the same point, you want to start afresh in some ways, and what makes that easier is Fantastic Beasts starts before those films. The reason is that a covering of cloth is supposed to keep the sexual appetites of passing men at bay when women travel outside the home. Debate over Violence Against Women Act centers on the vulnerableLos Angeles County prosecutors charged Morales with rape of an unconscious woman under the 1872 law, the court said. The trial of William K. Smith, accused of raping an acquaintance this year at the Kennedy family compound in Palm Beach, Fla., has heightened interest in research on rape. <CN> It does not appear to me that there is data to support this theory.
<HS> These islamic beasts rape their and our women, after all their religion allows it to them! <knowl> The burkini is the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion. The mayor calls the burqini "the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion." We hope there will not be any confusion between these odious acts and the Muslim religion," they wrote. The main driver is people who were brought up with some religion now saying they have no religion. Closing school for Muslim celebrations obviously promotes Islam — by providing it with both recognition and legitimacy withheld from ostensibly lesser religions. <CN> Hi, the Muslim religion does not admit in its instructions so atrocious acts. Those who act in this way go against their faith, I would never equate criminals with everyone else who practice their religion peacefully.
<HS> These islamic beasts rape their and our women, after all their religion allows it to them! <knowl> At the same time, critics of religion must refrain from simplistic generalizations about people of faith. The strangest and most untrue thing that can be said about Islam is that it is a Religion of Peace. "Islam does not permit the killing of innocent people, regardless of their creed, ethnicity, race or nationality," the statement says. But American Muslim organizations are condemning the killing and stating that Islam forbids such domestic violence as well as honor killings. Human blood should be sacred regardless of religion, party and nationality. <CN> Hi, even if I share any disapproval against those who commit acts of such atrocities, I invite you to reflect on the fact that in such cases it is necessary to go beyond any faith or nationality. There is no religion that admits such acts. Those who think that they can subjugate women and commit violence on them, in the name of an alleged faith, act as criminals, not as religious.
<HS> These islamic beasts rape their and our women, after all their religion allows it to them! <knowl> Islam is not a religion that tolerates any type of criticism. He called for the removal of Islam as Bangladesh's state religion. What we are attacking is Islam, the religion, and Sharia law, the political system. Islam is a religion that promotes peace, justice, equality, dignity and freedom for all human beings. It is unworkable; among other things, airlines would have to screen travelers from Europe for their religion. <CN> Hi, I still think that in these cases, religion or nationality have nothing to do with it. Those who commit these acts should be treated as criminals regardless of any other aspect.
<HS> These islamic beasts rape their and our women, after all their religion allows it to them! <knowl> The mayor calls the burqini "the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion." Affleck was outspoken on all of them, but things got particularly heated when it came to Islam and the Muslim religion. "Transgressors could face a fine of €38 (£33; $42).Lisnard calls the burkini "the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion. In a newspaper interview, the mayor of Cannes, David Lisnard, said: The burkini is the uniform of extremist Islamism, not of the Muslim religion. I was told by one of Harmeet's friends that because of her religion, her loyalty is to the Muslim religion, Ms. Eyzendooren wrote on Facebook. <CN> Hi, I also condemn these acts that are so atrocious, but it seems to me unfair to put on the same boat all the people who form this religion. The Muslim religion does not permit such acts and their perpetrators should be considered criminals, regardless of their faith or nationality.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. <CN> Do you know any Muslim person? I do not think he would like to hear you generalize in this way.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Note: IT has NOthing to do with any pre-apocalyptic Hororscopes/Astrology superstupidstitions. Yes, terrorists are hijacking the religion to use it to advocate a cause, but this has happened before. No, Islam does not teach its followers to kill all non-muslims; it actually strongly supports Judaism and Christianity. There has been plenty of terrorism in the name of JC. So, too, are Judaism and Christianity, though on smaller scales of violence. <CN> Islam is a religion, like Christianity and Judaism, it has nothing to do with terrorism, it is a dangerous and offensive generalization.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> The enemy of America is not our many Muslim friends. . . . Their friends will always know what a good person you are. One of my Muslim friends said, "I have two young children. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. <CN> I have Muslim friends who do not think at all to blow themselves up.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Like hundreds of other Ahmadi Muslims, Qamar was murdered only for his faith. This series of weekly columns — launched in 2005 — seeks to illuminate the national conversation. Prophet Muhammad taught: Love of one's country of residence is part of faith. It affects the lives of people of great faith — or no faith at all. Terrorists don't fit a profile and cannot be plucked out of crowds by computers. <CN> Terrorism has no faith and nationality. It's a deviation that takes possession of individuals.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Proceeds from the event were to go to victims of terrorism. However, scholars of the First Crusade generally consider the text authentic. This is what religion looks like for the vast majority of Muslims. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. He then blamed his opponent, Hillary Clinton, for the rise of terrorism. <CN> The fault of a few cannot fall on all Muslims, also they are the ones to be the first victims of terrorism.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> People don't realize that there is a diversity of opinion within Islam and that most Muslims condemn extremism and violence. Once again the world is shocked by the accusations of fanatical Muslim terrorists. well as talking about their horror, the youngest readers also shared their own experience of Islam. As a blog by James Poniewozik of Time paraphrased it: Sorry for Portraying Muslims as Human. Some of us believe in the strict application of Islam and that doesn't make us terrorists. <CN> Terrorists are a very small part of Islam. Most Muslims fear terrorism as Christians.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> Many assume that people who commit terrorist attacks in the name of Islam are religious zealots. Now the terrorists who did 9/11 said they were doing it in the name of Islam. An interfaith group of New York clergy members argued the film failed to sufficiently differentiate between terrorism and Islam, and asked for changes. There is an evil belief system that has taken root in radical Islam. Rejecting a blanket condemnation of Islam is not a matter of political correctness. <CN> Islam is not a religion of hate; terrorism has different roots.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. Bear in mind that the term "terrorist" is legally significant, too. Not to say that non-Muslim whites never get tagged as terrorists. <CN> I do not think that it is useful to generalize; you cannot say that they are 'all' terrorists!
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> There are no Christian terrorists wandering around the world trying to take out peace-loving Muslims — this is a serious problem ... Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has criticized Obama for avoiding the Islamic terrorism phrase. After terrorist attacks in the past, the BJP has denounced the Congress party as being soft on terrorism in an effort to mobilize India's substantial Muslim vote in its favor. These fears cannot be calmed unless the Indian state cracks down vigorously on terrorism, regardless of the suspects' religion. Small numbers of terrorists make headlines, but they aren't representative of a complex and diverse religion of 1.6 billion adherents. <CN> Terrorism is a serious problem but it has nothing to do with religion.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> How many palestinian homes did israelis - jewish terrorists - demolish? How many palestinain refugees did israelis - jewish terrorists - create? Kashmiri terrorists have exploited this by turning graves into motivational spots. Not all terrorist attacks in India have been carried out by Muslims. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. <CN> A bit like saying that we are all mobsters .
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> That said, while very few Salafists are terrorists, jihadist terrorists are almost invariably Salafists. I don't say that all muslims are terrorists but all terrorists have been muslims. I think that anyone who supports/sympathizes with the terrorists is in some form a terrorist. terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located.terrorists could not be located. They are not terrorists — less than 0.00007 percent of Muslims are terrorists, said one Facebook user to rapturous approval. <CN> Do you have any statistics that prove that they are all terrorists? Or are you just generalizing.
<HS> Muslims are all terrorists. <knowl> But there is no moral equivalence between them and Islamic terrorists. They simply got closer to their religion, immersing themselves in Islamic scripture. Nor will I tell you that Islam is a religion of violence. Islam is simply used by terrorists as a way to recruit support. Knowing that these terrorist attacks are not about religion, we have to reach a point where we stop bringing Islam into these discussions. <CN> The Islamic religion is not a religion that professes violence. Islamic terrorists have nothing to do with religion.
<HS> We let them in and then we find terrorists in our home. <knowl> but ... the French dream of ... people living together ... If their own people die conducting suicide attacks, they go to heaven. I want to be absolutely clear with our people and the world. The Paris attacks last November killed 130 people and seriously injured hundreds more. Only business expansion where employers need labor, need people will drive salaries higher. <CN> We do not confuse people who migrate or flee, which are many, with frantic fanatics, which are few.
<HS> We let them in and then we find terrorists in our home. <knowl> Permanently closing the living spaces of our cities would seal the victory of the terrorists. Put it another way: If you fear or hate Muslims more today, you have done the terrorists' bidding. They should be vigilant, but they shouldn't let these threats keep them from leaving home and living their lives." It was aired live by TRT."The terrorists can choose two paths: surrender to justice or be neutralised, one by one. The Kurdish move followed accusations by Maliki that the Kurdish capital of Irbil had become a home to terrorists, a reference to the Islamic State (Isis). <CN> We treat terrorists as they are, criminal individuals. And let's leave all the other Muslims living peacefully in our cities alone.
<HS> We let them in and then we find terrorists in our home. <knowl> While not all of these immigrants are terrorists, no doubt terrorists immigrated along with those looking for a better life, or were radicalized after arriving. How about when a terrorist blew up a car at a British airport? This strategy is better for both immigrants' well-being and adopted cultures' political stability. Our results suggest that cultivating anti-immigrant or anti-Islamic sentiment is deeply counterproductive. As Mr. Valls and many others have warned, there will be more terrorist attacks. <CN> I would say that assimilate Muslim immigrants to terrorists is a bit too much.
<HS> I don't want to have anything to do with the Islamists! They are murderers and terrorists and we must fight them! <knowl> This is because fasting is one of the five pillars of Islam. Muslims around the world are preparing for the Islamic holy month of Ramadan. This is the Shahada, the Muslim profession of faith, and it is the most important of the five pillars of Islam. He wanted to make sure that Muslims could fulfill zakat, one of the five pillars of Islam that mandates the giving of alms. But while Zakat is one of the five pillars of Islam, many Pakistanis prefer to give it privately, to charities of their own choice. <CN> Generalizing is not right and does not lead to anything good: explaining what is the faith of over a billion and a half people living in very different cultural contexts is complicated. Terrorism has nothing to do with Islam, but some persons give a wrong and extremist reading to it. The pillars of Islam are the declaration of faith of monotheism, the prayer, the alms, the fasting during the month of Ramadan, the pilgrimage to La Mecca.
<HS> I don't want to have anything to do with the Islamists! They are murderers and terrorists and we must fight them! <knowl> In the hands of a contemporary Muslim thinker writing in the journal Religion and Law, Shariah becomes an essentially pacifist notion. We know, I said, that the vast majority of Muslims seek peace. The most important is in Egypt, where Mr. Morsi, representing the region's most powerful Islamist movement, the Muslim Brotherhood, won a close election. In the decade after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Americans largely viewed the Middle East and Islam through the lens of the terrorism threat. We defend the freedom of thought ... religion should not be a political argument. <CN> It seems that there are always more people that believe that Islam is directly tied to terrorism. Actually, this belief is the result of a hard to kill stereotype that damages the dignity of Muslims and their religion which is actually like ours, a religion that has basic principles like the love of God/Allah and the brotherhood among men.
<HS> I don't want to have anything to do with the Islamists! They are murderers and terrorists and we must fight them! <knowl> But acknowledging that there is a link between Islam and terror is appropriate and necessary. other than safeguarding a friendly country, and (France) does not have any goal other than fighting against terrorism," the French president said Saturday. Amazingly, given the litany of Islamist attacks—from the 9/11 nightmare in America and the London bombings of July 7, 2005, to the slayings at Fort Hood in Texas in 2009, at the Boston Marathon last month and now Woolwich—some continue to deny any link between Islam and terrorism. Islamic State comprises 10,000 potential terrorists from more than 50 countries. In the decade after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Americans largely viewed the Middle East and Islam through the lens of the terrorism threat. <CN> It is increasingly widespread the belief that there is a close link between Islam and terrorism. Actually, the Koran speaks more about peace than war, more about rights than bans.
<HS> I don't want to have anything to do with the Islamists! They are murderers and terrorists and we must fight them! <knowl> The Islamist fighters, part of a group called the Shabab, which the Bush administration has designated a terrorist organization, quickly took over Merka's police station and government buildings, residents said. If a Tuareg joins an Islamist group, he is a terrorist. Yet Islamist insurgents have been widely blamed for assassinations of aid workers. Paris now offers the latest gruesome reminder of radical Islam's barbarism. The Islamists are a loose coalition of leaders who have put forward Islam, the universal religion in Somalia, as the way out of anarchy. <CN> The terrorist criminals are only extremists parts justified by a deviated reading of Islam.
<HS> I don't want to have anything to do with the Islamists! They are murderers and terrorists and we must fight them! <knowl> The vast majority of Muslims reject this dangerous form of political Islam - they are, after all, its chief victims. "This attack against civilians is nothing short of a barbaric act of terrorism. Terrorists want to create fear and terror - it is what they exist to do. Geert Wilders of the Dutch Party for Freedom, never accused of mildness, blamed Islam itself. In the decade after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Americans largely viewed the Middle East and Islam through the lens of the terrorism threat. <CN> I see that is increasingly widespread a climate of fear against Muslims, even the media do not help to distinguish between the correct and mild faith that the majority of Muslims profess, the speculations of politicians, and the infamous use of the manipulators of Islam, that cover in blood the Middle East and North Africa. But Islam is not terrorism.
<HS> They will blow all of us up. <knowl> If Islam is a religion of peace, I am the ambassador to France. Four panelists, two for and two against, presented arguments on the motion of "Islam Is a Religion of Peace." Those people clearly believe that Islam is a religion of violence. Has anyone ever heard anyone say, "Buddhism is a religion of peace?" You know for a fact that it's not a religion of peace. <CN> Terrorism is not a manifestation of Islam, but that is a religion of peace.
<HS> They will blow all of us up. <knowl> The Class Council is formed by the representatives of individual classes . They create the terrorism and fabricate it to demonize a certain faith. The notion of stripping French nationality from dual citizens is a highly sensitive issue in France. And he voiced concern the CIA flights of terror suspects via Europe could damage transatlantic relations. President Barack Obama, speaking during his trip to Cuba, said: We must be together regardless of nationality or race or faith in fighting against the scourge of terrorism. <CN> Terrorism has no faith and nationality. It's a deviation that takes possession of individuals.
<HS> They will blow all of us up. <knowl> The problem, as terrorism scholar Bruce Hoffman observed many years ago, is how disturbingly 'normal' most terrorists seem. Thoughts & prayers for the victims of this act of domestic terrorism. This event is beyond the normal framework of fighting against terrorism. Similarly, terrorists perfected the use of car bombs and roadside bombs. There are many definitions of terrorism, but most definitions have four elements in common:By this definition, the massacre in Charleston, S.C. Wednesday was clearly a terrorist act. <CN> Muslims are not terrorists !!! Terrorism is a tragic and violent deviation of the radicals, but it is important not to throw the baby out with the bathwater.
<HS> They will blow all of us up. <knowl> { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "3253", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Beyonce Knowles", "key" : "Beyonce_Knowles" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2134669", "weight" : "94", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354954,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-27T15:47Z", "headline" : "BeyoncÃ© and Jay-Z Not Expecting a Baby", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "Despite rumors, a source close to the singer says she is not pregnant", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2125036", "weight" : "70", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/03/17/paula.abdul.star.search/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-03-18T12:47Z", "headline" : "10 celebs who got famous after 'Star Search'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Perhaps we don't give Paula Abdul enough credit. { "threshold" : "70", "tag" : { "id" : "12096", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Ellen Degeneres", "key" : "Ellen_Degeneres" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2137377", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20355576,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-30T14:50Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Comic Book to Benefit Humane Society", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The new illustrated biography touches on the comedian's love of animals", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2131881", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354165,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-24T19:28Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres Gets Under Gerard Butler's Kilt", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "The talk-show host wonders if Scottish star prefers to go commando", "teaseImageUrl" : "", "mediumTeaseImageUrl" : "", "smallTeaseImageUrl" : "", "largeTeaseImageUrl" : "", "videoAttached" : "false", "imageGalleryAttached" : "false" }, { "id" : "2104872", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/02/26/ellen.degeneres.american.idol/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-02-26T15:35Z", "headline" : "Ellen DeGeneres' 'Idol' performance draws mixed reviews", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even before Ellen DeGeneres took her seat on \"American Idol,\" the roar began. { "threshold" : "26", "tag" : { "id" : "11365", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Alec Baldwin", "key" : "Alec_Baldwin" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2133772", "weight" : "33", "type" : "document", "site" : "people", "site-url" : "http://www.people.com", "site-display-text" : "People", "siteId" : "http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20354813,00.html?xid=rss-fullcontentcnn", "publishDate" : "2010-03-26T15:29Z", "headline" : "Ask Tina Fey a Question!", "wool" : "People.com: ", "tease" : "On 30 Rock she spars (lovingly) with Alec Baldwin, and in her new comedy Date Night Tina Fey teams up with Steve Carell as part of a couple who try to spice up their marriage - with disastrous results. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "7019", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Donald H. Rumsfeld", "key" : "Donald_H_Rumsfeld" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "1407570", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2008/US/09/11/911.day/index.html#cnnSTCText", "publishDate" : "2008-09-12T02:49Z", "headline" : "Nation remembers 9/11 victims, heroes", "wool" : "", "tease" : "With moments of silence punctuated by somber music, readings of names, and tears, Americans held solemn memorial services Thursday to honor the victims of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. { "threshold" : "100", "tag" : { "id" : "6412", "type" : "PERSON", "name" : "Shaquille O'Neal", "key" : "Shaquille_O_Neal" }, "assets" : [ { "id" : "2146938", "weight" : "100", "type" : "document", "site" : "cnn", "site-url" : "http://www.cnn.com", "site-display-text" : "CNN.com", "siteId" : "/2010/SHOWBIZ/TV/04/02/shaunie.oneal.basketball.wives/index.html", "publishDate" : "2010-04-08T16:28Z", "headline" : "Shaunie O'Neal on the lives of 'Basketball Wives'", "wool" : "", "tease" : "Even though she knows what it's like to be married to a superstar athlete, Shaunie O'Neal is so over the Tiger Woods drama. <CN> Do you really think that they have so many bombs?
<HS> Stop mosques, lairs of terrorists. <knowl> Algeria had lost hundreds of thousands of its own people to fundamentalist armed groups since the 1990s. None of this stopped the right from denouncing him as a socialist. Instead of being grateful for the overdue democratic changes wrested from reluctant Southern lawmakers, a significant number of African-Americans demanded more profound change. The preservation of Mali's tradition of secularism is essential for them all. "The interpretation that these people introduced is not accepted by majority of Muslims. <CN> I think it is the opposite. If the majority of Muslims feel accepted in their demands there will be less space for the fundamentalists.
<HS> Stop mosques, lairs of terrorists. <knowl> Those are the limits that defenders of the recent past have trouble accepting. It's called evangelical Unitas-ism, and its acolytes need to be more accepting of all forms of quarterbacking. "Fear me because I possess courage enough to advocate the need of accepting Christian democracy and dare point out the follies of Christless democracy! ... the land of the free, it's everyone's responsibility to make sure no one will ever force their beliefs on to others," Errazuriz said. The fund will help the victims' relatives pay for funerals for their loved ones, counseling services and other needs as they heal from the tragedy. <CN> The respect for each other born like this, accepting the other needs. This will stop fanaticism.
<HS> Stop mosques, lairs of terrorists. <knowl> The crane was part of continuing construction to expand the size of the mosque. Future president Sukarno spent a time of exile at the mosque in 1942 . Polls show that a strong majority of Americans oppose the mosque's construction site while respecting the right of Muslims to practice their religion. A strong majority of Americans say they oppose the site for construction of the mosque, but not the constitutional right of Muslims to worship. At the rear , the corners and sides of the mosque feature tall tapering semi - circular . <CN> Allowing the construction of a mosque confers credit to us, it means respecting the other in all its diversity.
<HS> Muslim males are troglodytes who beat their wives. <knowl> In 2002, reporter Daniel Pearl was kidnappedand beheaded by Muslim males.16. In 1988, Pan Am Flight 103 was bombed by Muslim males.11. In 1979, the USembassy in Iranwas taken over by Muslim males.6. In 1968, Bobby Kennedy was shot andkilled by a Muslim male.2. In 2002, the UnitedStates fought a war in Afghanistan against Muslim males.15. <CN> If the word femicide exists in our vocabulary it is because neither the Italian males are so quiet!
<HS> Muslim males are troglodytes who beat their wives. <knowl> "There have recently been more and more reports of Italians beating foreigners, particularly street vendors, Mazzuca said. The majority of Italians think Berlusconi just speaks his mind, and they don't care if foreigners are puzzled, or worse. we are looking for him," Paolo Gentiloni, the Italian foreign minister, said. In 2002, reporter Daniel Pearl was kidnappedand beheaded by Muslim males.16. In 1988, Pan Am Flight 103 was bombed by Muslim males.11. <CN> Istat data: 146 femicides in 2016, the number of previous years is similar. Of these 146, 77.6% is committed by Italians and 22.4% is committed by foreigners.
<HS> Islamics want to impose the burqa to our women as they do with theirs. <knowl> Senegal has banned women from wearing the burqa, amid rising fears of Islamic extremism in the west African country. A lot of Muslims married British or parsis Christians and Hindus. In a separate interview with Women's Wear Daily, Zanetti estimated that around 40 percent of her client base was non-Muslim. This girl is now in the secure care of another Muslim family. It actually portrays Muslim women in burqas as independent, courageous, and joyful. <CN> The imposition of the burqa regards the most extreme fringe of Muslims.
<HS> Islamics want to impose the burqa to our women as they do with theirs. <knowl> Women's terms in Muslim societies is for most women survival and resignation. In 2007, full-face Islamic veils were banned from public places in France. Whatever status women have in the Muslim world is whatever status men give them. The topic of women in the Muslim world, to be clear, is not nonsense. White burqas signify new brides, or women from the northern city of Mazar-e Sharif. <CN> From what can you say that there is this desire from Muslims?
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. At work, it is impossible for me to wear my veil. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" <CN> The veil is linked to a religious tradition, so, this would be possible if we share it with all.
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> Some young Muslim women argue that veils liberate them from a modern culture that objectifies and sexualises females. El-Tantawy grew up in Egypt, as part of a moderate Muslim family where most of the women wore veils. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" Âlâ is a monthly publication aimed at women who wear a veil. <CN> The question of the veil is open. The same Muslim women in some countries are struggling to get rid of it, for example, in Iran. We have to support their struggle.
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> It can range in color from slightly yellowish to white . Or what other colors would you recommend that would be flattering? White is a color that really pops on our favorite fame monster. The specific epithet derives from the Latin word and means " cow - colored " . I was thinking a dark silver color like a gunmetal silver or black. <CN> Well, but we can choose the color .! What's your favorite?
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> A vast majority of Egyptian women choose to wear some form of Islamic head covering. Seventy-eight percent of Moroccan women, 71 percent of Lebanese women and 48 percent of Saudi women polled linked legal equality with the West. France's National Observatory Against Islamophobia has collected information that suggests the vast majority of anti-Muslim harassment and assault is directed against women. The vast majority of Muslim Egyptian women wear some form of head covering -- from stylish scarves to the full face-covering veil called the niqab. El-Tantawy grew up in Egypt, as part of a moderate Muslim family where most of the women wore veils. <CN> The vast majority of Muslim women living in Europe wear the veil voluntarily, respecting the religious beliefs of Islam, no one imposes it to them! There is no intention to convert to Islam Italian women.
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> So too other Muslims worldwide, the silent many, watch and tremble. Other states including Victoria and Western Australia are considering similar legislation. However, Muslim men, both religious and secular, wear modern, western clothing. After the transformative 60s, Muslim feminists resumed the fight for equality. "We are not telling Muslim girls to take off the hijab. <CN> I do not understand why you perceive this risk. Although some Muslims want to do that, we have a democratic state that protects us. We don't need to invent problems that do not exist.
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> It also shows pictures of Iranian women riding bikes, another illegal activity. Do you have any photos of Iranian women in their private moments? "Below, see more photos from Alinejad's Stealthy Freedoms of Iranian Women. Are Iranian women an inspiration to women from other Muslim-majority countries?Yes. The response from Iranian women to the My Stealthy Freedom campaign has been phenomenal. <CN> The veil is an indument and personal symbol that every woman can choose to wear or not. For Iranian women is an object for participating actively in public life and to feel emancipated. I do not see it as a constraint.
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> The law had forbidden teachers from wearing a full Islamic veil. Wearing Islamic head scarves and full veils in public has been banned since 1981. Still, many Muslims view wearing the veil as an integral expression of their faith. The paper says she started wearing an Islamic veil and led a religiously conservative lifestyle. On Friday, uncovered photos showed her posing in an Islamic veil and holding a crossbow. <CN> The issue of the Islamic veil is complex, it is not a religious prescription but cultural. Islam has within itself many different positions on the subject.
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The brotherhood advocates the introduction of strict Islamic Sharia laws in Jordan. Of course, the veil of opulence is not limited to tax policy. One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. In 2007, full-face Islamic veils were banned from public places in France. <CN> I do not believe that this is the meaning of Islam; and for the more progressive Islam, the veil is an individual choice, not an imposition.
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> To many non-Muslims, the veil often connotes repression against women, foreignness, religion, mystery—even sexuality. There are more and more products on the market that veiled women can use. That survey showed that around 28 percent of Muslim women and girls wore a headscarf. Their backers say that a ban would deny Muslim women freedom of expression and stigmatize them. She has views about the burka, she thinks it is unpleasant on women and they were discussing that. <CN> I do not think they have an interest in putting the veil on non-Muslim women.
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> Will the girl be put into a hijab, then a jilbab? "We are not telling Muslim girls to take off the hijab. ""We are not telling Muslim girls to take off the hijab. We will not allow any cherrypicking: the four freedoms have to be preserved. I felt freedom, I felt empowerment, I felt like I owned the pool. <CN> They don't impose the veil even on the girls, so it seems to me that they respect the freedom to choose the veil. Doesn't it seem to you?
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> Obviously the concept of laicity is much broader than religious tolerance, and includes bans on wearing the veil and religious symbols, etc. The framers were meticulous in their limitation of religious symbols in official public places. Tagged on to the end was advice on the wearing of religious symbols in class. And in their hierarchy of rights, the right to religious freedom sits somewhere at the bottom. clear then: religious symbols are fine in school as long as teaching, safety and security are not impaired? <CN> Italy provides religious freedom, no one can impose religious symbols of a different confession to anyone.
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> Father of models Gigi and Bella Hadid, Mr. Hadid is known for his lavish residential developments. YORK, NY - OCTOBER 09: Model Bella Hadid and The Weeknd are seen walking in Soho on October 9, 2015 in New York City. Forced to honor my authentic self and respectfully owning it!!!Foster, the wife of music producer David Foster and mother of models Gigi and Bella Hadid, was diagnosed with Lyme disease in 2012. It is Islam that is the problem, not Muslim women, Muslim women are told. "This woman should not be a role model of anyone especially not for Muslim women," one Instagram user wrote. <CN> I do not agree. There are really emancipated Muslim women, do you know the models Gigi and Bella Hadid? They are Muslim, did you know?
<HS> They want to impose the veil on all of us. <knowl> Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. At work, it is impossible for me to wear my veil. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" <CN> The veil is a religious symbol, if you're not going to convert yourself it does not concern you.
<HS> These Bedouins treat women like beasts and cut their throat if they do not follow their barbarian dictates. <knowl> "She said many Bedouin women simply had not attended school until recently. Rahat, like the Bedouin villages surrounding it, has some of the poorest living conditions in Israel. Forty-seven percent of Bedouin men are unemployed, and 87 percent of women are also unemployed, according to official Israeli government figures. Although not required to serve like Jewish citizens, throughout Israel's history many Bedouins have volunteered for army duty, some becoming military legends. This is in addition to the more than 1,770 injured by live fire or rubber bullets in the same time period, according to Najjar. <CN> Honestly, I see around many more Muslim women without burqa or veil than women dressed like Europeans.
<HS> A woman who accepts to live hidden under a veil and gets beaten by her man does not deserve to live in a civilized country like Italy. <knowl> Like a half-naked woman, a veiled female to me represents an affront to female dignity, autonomy and potential. Either way, the women made their point, veil or no veil. "What about the women who died to give up the veil?!" It was unclear whether the women were also fined for wearing a veil. Authorities estimate at most 2,000 women in France wear the outlawed veils. <CN> In Italy as in all countries of the world, there are civilized and uncivilized people, you should support all women and help them to rebel, beyond that they freely choose to wear the veil or not.
<HS> A woman who accepts to live hidden under a veil and gets beaten by her man does not deserve to live in a civilized country like Italy. <knowl> Wearing a niqab for a day sounds like a good idea, and I applaud the notion of walking in another woman's shoes. A Muslim woman walks in downtown Rome Wednesday, Aug. 3, 2011. "The citizens of Italy need an answer to this economic crisis. "Last week, Italy's Interior Minister said the country would not be implementing a burkini ban on public beaches, warning that such responses could "become provocations that could potentially attract attacks. a devout woman should be free to cover herself if she wants. <CN> How can you believe that there is someone who agrees to be beaten? We should focus on how to help these women whether they are veiled or not, whether they are Italian or not!
<HS> A woman who accepts to live hidden under a veil and gets beaten by her man does not deserve to live in a civilized country like Italy. <knowl> In some countries that had strong religiosity, like Italy, controlling women's bodies was a part of the country's religious morality; today in France there is a civil religion of secularity, she said. One pregnant woman miscarried after she was attacked by two men in 2013. I don't feel like a hero, I feel like any man or woman with self-respect. Like a half-naked woman, a veiled female to me represents an affront to female dignity, autonomy and potential. There would be four pages on what a woman could wear to work, and four sentences for men, Professor Clemente said. <CN> Italy unfortunately is full of unveiled women that are beaten by their men, where they should live?
<HS> A woman who accepts to live hidden under a veil and gets beaten by her man does not deserve to live in a civilized country like Italy. <knowl> Ruby had been charged with "aggravated violence" for scratching, biting and slapping the woman and snatching her veil off. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Wearing a niqab for a day sounds like a good idea, and I applaud the notion of walking in another woman's shoes. The veil, for her, "is a submission to God," Drider said. Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." <CN> No woman agrees to be beaten, be unable to break free from a state of violence and submission does not mean wanting to be in it. The veil if chosen freely should not be a problem for those who simply do not choose it.
<HS> A woman who accepts to live hidden under a veil and gets beaten by her man does not deserve to live in a civilized country like Italy. <knowl> "And I think this country, any civilized country, should have no tolerance for rape. Which in the case of many veiled women would be ... Lets put an end to the headline: "Woman wears piece of cloth." One of the veiled women was seen taken away in a police van. Veils and burqas are becoming more common in Muslim countries with the resurgence of Islamic fundamentalism. <CN> Reading comments of women who can write such nasty statements is even sadder.